It's official: U.S. President Barack Obama wants lawmakers to weigh in on whether to use military force in Syria.Obama sent a letter to the heads of the House and Senate on Saturday night hours after announcing that he believes military action against Syrian targets is the right step to take over the alleged use of chemical weapons.The proposed legislation from Obama asks Congress to approve the use of military force "to deter disrupt prevent and degrade the potential for future uses of chemical weapons or other weapons of mass destruction."It's a step that is set to turn an international crisis into a fierce domestic political battle.There are key questions looming over the debate: What did U.N. weapons inspectors find in Syria? What happens if Congress votes no? And how will the Syrian government react?In a televised address from the White House Rose Garden earlier Saturday the president said he would take his case to Congress not because he has to -- but because he wants to.While I believe I have the authority to carry out this military action without specific congressional authorization, I know that the country will be stronger if we take this course, and our actions will be even more effective, he said. "We should have this debate because the issues are too big for business as usual."Obama said top congressional leaders had agreed to schedule a debate when the body returns to Washington on September 9. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee will hold a hearing over the matter on Tuesday Sen. Robert Menendez said.Transcript: Read Obama's full remarksSyrian crisis: Latest developmentsU.N. inspectors leave SyriaObama's remarks came shortly after U.N. inspectors left Syria carrying evidence that will determine whether chemical weapons were used in an attack early last week in a Damascus suburb.The aim of the game here, the mandate, is very clear -- and that is to ascertain whether chemical weapons were used -- and not by whom, U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters on Saturday.But who used the weapons in the reported toxic gas attack in a Damascus suburb on August 21 has been a key point of global debate over the Syrian crisis.Top U.S. officials have said there's no doubt that the Syrian government was behind it while Syrian officials have denied responsibility and blamed jihadists fighting with the rebels.British and U.S. intelligence reports say the attack involved chemical weapons but U.N. officials have stressed the importance of waiting for an official report from inspectors.The inspectors will share their findings with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon Ban who has said he wants to wait until the U.N. team's final report is completed before presenting it to the U.N. Security Council.The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons which nine of the inspectors belong to said Saturday that it could take up to three weeks to analyze the evidence they collected.It needs time to be able to analyze the information and the samples, Nesirky said.He noted that Ban has repeatedly said there is no alternative to a political solution to the crisis in Syria and that "a military solution is not an option."Bergen:  Syria is a problem from hell for the U.S.Obama: 'This menace must be confronted'Obama's senior advisers have debated the next steps to take and the president's comments Saturday came amid mounting political pressure over the situation in Syria. Some U.S. lawmakers have called for immediate action while others warn of stepping into what could become a quagmire.Some global leaders have expressed support but the British Parliament's vote against military action earlier this week was a blow to Obama's hopes of getting strong backing from key NATO allies.On Saturday Obama proposed what he said would be a limited military action against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Any military attack would not be open-ended or include U.S. ground forces he said.Syria's alleged use of chemical weapons earlier this month "is an assault on human dignity the president said.

A failure to respond with force, Obama argued,  could lead to escalating use of chemical weapons or their proliferation to terrorist groups who would do our people harm. In a world with many dangers this menace must be confronted."Syria missile strike: What would happen next?Map: U.S. and allied assets around SyriaObama decision came Friday nightOn Friday night the president made a last-minute decision to consult lawmakers.What will happen if they vote no?It's unclear. A senior administration official told CNN that Obama has the authority to act without Congress -- even if Congress rejects his request for authorization to use force.Obama on Saturday continued to shore up support for a strike on the al-Assad government.He spoke by phone with French President Francois Hollande before his Rose Garden speech.The two leaders agreed that the international community must deliver a resolute message to the Assad regime -- and others who would consider using chemical weapons -- that these crimes are unacceptable and those who violate this international norm will be held accountable by the world, the White House said.Meanwhile as uncertainty loomed over how Congress would weigh in U.S. military officials said they remained at the ready.5 key assertions: U.S. intelligence report on SyriaSyria: Who wants what after chemical weapons horrorReactions mixed to Obama's speechA spokesman for the Syrian National Coalition said that the opposition group was disappointed by Obama's announcement.Our fear now is that the lack of action could embolden the regime and they repeat his attacks in a more serious way, said spokesman Louay Safi. "So we are quite concerned."Some members of Congress applauded Obama's decision.House Speaker John Boehner Majority Leader Eric Cantor Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy and Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers issued a statement Saturday praising the president.Under the Constitution, the responsibility to declare war lies with Congress, the Republican lawmakers said. "We are glad the president is seeking authorization for any military action in Syria in response to serious substantive questions being raised."More than 160 legislators including 63 of Obama's fellow Democrats had signed letters calling for either a vote or at least a "full debate" before any U.S. action.British Prime Minister David Cameron whose own attempt to get lawmakers in his country to support military action in Syria failed earlier this week responded to Obama's speech in a Twitter post Saturday.I understand and support Barack Obama's position on Syria, Cameron said.An influential lawmaker in Russia -- which has stood by Syria and criticized the United States -- had his own theory.The main reason Obama is turning to the Congress:  the military operation did not get enough support either in the world, among allies of the US or in the United States itself, Alexei Pushkov chairman of the international-affairs committee of the Russian State Duma said in a Twitter post.In the United States scattered groups of anti-war protesters around the country took to the streets Saturday.Like many other Americans...we're just tired of the United States getting involved and invading and bombing other countries, said Robin Rosecrans who was among hundreds at a Los Angeles demonstration.What do Syria's neighbors think?Why Russia China Iran stand by AssadSyria's government unfazedAfter Obama's speech a military and political analyst on Syrian state TV said Obama is "embarrassed" that Russia opposes military action against Syria is "crying for help" for someone to come to his rescue and is facing two defeats -- on the political and military levels.Syria's prime minister appeared unfazed by the saber-rattling.The Syrian Army's status is on maximum readiness and fingers are on the trigger to confront all challenges, Wael Nader al-Halqi said during a meeting with a delegation of Syrian expatriates from Italy according to a banner on Syria State TV that was broadcast prior to Obama's address.An anchor on Syrian state television said Obama "appeared to be preparing for an aggression on Syria based on repeated lies."A top Syrian diplomat told the state television network that Obama was facing pressure to take military action from Israel Turkey some Arabs and right-wing extremists in the United States.I think he has done well by doing what Cameron did in terms of taking the issue to Parliament, said Bashar Jaafari Syria's ambassador to the United Nations.Both Obama and Cameron he said "climbed to the top of the tree and don't know how to get down."The Syrian government has denied that it used chemical weapons in the August 21 attack saying that jihadists fighting with the rebels used them in an effort to turn global sentiments against it.British intelligence had put the number of people killed in the attack at more than 350.On Saturday Obama said "all told well over 1000 people were murdered." U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday cited a death toll of 1429 more than 400 of them children. No explanation was offered for the discrepancy.Iran: U.S. military action in Syria would spark 'disaster'Opinion: Why strikes in Syria are a bad idea (CNN) -- Usain Bolt rounded off the world championships Sunday by claiming his third gold in Moscow as he anchored Jamaica to victory in the men's 4x100m relay.The fastest man in the world charged clear of United States rival Justin Gatlin as the Jamaican quartet of Nesta Carter Kemar Bailey-Cole Nickel Ashmeade and Bolt won in 37.36 seconds.The U.S finished second in 37.56 seconds with Canada taking the bronze after Britain were disqualified for a faulty handover.The 26-year-old Bolt has now collected eight gold medals at world championships equaling the record held by American trio Carl Lewis Michael Johnson and Allyson Felix not to mention the small matter of six Olympic titles.The relay triumph followed individual successes in the 100 and 200 meters in the Russian capital.I'm proud of myself and I'll continue to work to dominate for as long as possible, Bolt said having previously expressed his intention to carry on until the 2016 Rio Olympics.Victory was never seriously in doubt once he got the baton safely in hand from Ashmeade while Gatlin and the United States third leg runner Rakieem Salaam had problems.Gatlin strayed out of his lane as he struggled to get full control of their baton and was never able to get on terms with Bolt.Earlier Jamaica's women underlined their dominance in the sprint events by winning the 4x100m relay gold anchored by Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce who like Bolt was completing a triple.Their quartet recorded a championship record of 41.29 seconds well clear of France who crossed the line in second place in 42.73 seconds.Defending champions the United States were initially back in the bronze medal position after losing time on the second handover between Alexandria Anderson and English Gardner but promoted to silver when France were subsequently disqualified for an illegal handover.The British quartet who were initially fourth were promoted to the bronze which eluded their men's team.Fraser-Pryce like Bolt aged 26 became the first woman to achieve three golds in the 100-200 and the relay.In other final action on the last day of the championships France's Teddy Tamgho became the third man to leap over 18m in the triple jump exceeding the mark by four centimeters to take gold.Germany's Christina Obergfoll finally took gold at global level in the women's javelin after five previous silvers while Kenya's Asbel Kiprop easily won a tactical men's 1500m final.Kiprop's compatriot Eunice Jepkoech Sum was a surprise winner of the women's 800m.Bolt's final dash for golden glory brought the eight-day championship to a rousing finale but while the hosts topped the medal table from the United States there was criticism of the poor attendances in the Luzhniki Stadium.There was further concern when their pole vault gold medalist Yelena Isinbayeva made controversial remarks in support of Russia's new laws which make "the propagandizing of non-traditional sexual relations among minors" a criminal offense.She later attempted to clarify her comments but there were renewed calls by gay rights groups for a boycott of the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi the next major sports event in Russia. Kansas City Missouri (CNN) -- The General Services Administration already under investigation for lavish spending allowed an employee to telecommute from Hawaii even though he is based at the GSA's Kansas City Missouri office a CNN investigation has found.It cost more than $24000 for the business development specialist to travel to and from the mainland United States over the past year.He is among several hundred GSA "virtual" workers who also travel to various conferences and their home offices costing the agency millions of dollars over the past three years.Under the program employees work from home and may live in another state from the region in which they're actually assigned.The Kansas City employee who started his job in January 2011 is paid $84440 and works from his home in Honolulu a GSA representative confirmed.In the past year according to GSA travel records the employee has flown back to the mainland nine times for conferences and meetings. Four of those trips were to St. Louis; four were to Washington with a side trip to Cincinnati; and one was to San Diego. The total cost to taxpayers was $24221.Jason Klumb the GSA's regional administrator for Kansas City defended the hire.The cost of that travel was included in the consideration of his candidacy as an employee as compared with the other applicants, Klumb said. "And when factoring all of those in it was determined that he was the best candidate even in light of the cost that would be incurred."Klumb called the GSA's teleworking program "a successful program that's going to lead to cost savings for taxpayers."But a GSA spokeswoman said "We are not going to defend this type of travel."And a GSA employee in Kansas City who requested anonymity said that hiring someone in Hawaii to work for the Kansas City region was ludicrous.It doesn't make sense, the employee said. "When you consider everything you need when you hire someone it would have been better to look for someone in the Kansas City area. It would have reduced the cost of travel by at least 70 percent when you look at just the airfare of what it takes to from Honolulu to Washington D.C. where a lot of business is done."Dan Tangherlini who was appointed acting GSA administrator this year said the agency was examining the cost of the entire teleworking program.I think the most important part for the GSA to think about is make sure we open ourselves up, avail ourselves to all the smart people in the country, but then also make sure we have a clear business case, he said. "If we have someone who is working in Nebraska but reporting to Boston there has to be a clear explanation for what value they're providing and you've got to give me the business case. You've got to explain to me why that's a cost-effective move for the American people and that's a new standard that we're asking everyone at GSA to adhere to."The GSA "virtual employee" program is different from telework programs offered by many private companies including CNN's parent company Turner Broadcasting in which some employees are encouraged to work from home some days of the week partially to reduce traffic congestion.The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform requested details about the GSA's teleworking program in June. That followed disclosures that 95 virtual employees including 12 in supervisory positions spent nearly $750000 in travel costs between October 2010 and June 2011.The American people have a right to know that federal bureaucrats who enjoy the benefits of virtual work are eligible and responsible stewards of the taxpayer dollars that support the program, according to a letter from committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa R-California to the GSA.The details requested by Issa about the GSA program have not been provided to the committee. CNN also requested the information more than two months ago through the federal Freedom of Information Act but has been repeatedly told by the GSA that FOIA staff members have not finished compiling the material.The General Services Administration which has more than 12600 employees and a $26.3 billion budget is a relatively obscure federal agency that handles government real estate and other non-military procurement. Congress launched an investigation into the GSA after a scathing inspector general's report issued this year showed lavish spending -- $823000 -- at the agency's Western Regions Conference in Las Vegas in October 2010.The controversy became politically toxic after reports and video clips of the lavish conference were released. The revelation prompted taxpayer indignation embarrassed the administration and put a spotlight on wasteful spending by the GSA.Jeff Neely the GSA official who organized the conference resigned as did the agency's administrator Martha Johnson. Two of Johnson's deputies were fired and eight other employees left the agency. Tangherlini a former Treasury Department official took over as acting GSA administrator.In addition to the Las Vegas conference the GSA apparently spent $330000 to relocate an employee from Denver to Hawaii and probably millions more on other employees over a two-year period according to a transcript of an interview with a GSA event planner. And 84 GSA employees most of them supervisors or other senior staff -- all subjects of inspector general investigations -- are still collecting their bonuses totaling more than $1 million in taxpayer money.In July a CNN investigation revealed that the GSA's Kansas City office spent more than $20000 to send employees to cooking classes to build team spirit. While the classes do not amount to a significant sum of money in the world of trillion-dollar government budgets insiders said it was part of the free-spending culture that went on for years at the GSA's Kansas City regional headquarters.GSA spokeswoman Betsaida Alcantara said in a statement this year that all the agency's practices are under a top-down review.CNN's Sara Anwar Elizabeth M. Nunez and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET. For the latest from Erin Burnett click here. Los Angeles (CNN) -- A medical doctor in Vancouver British Columbia said Thursday that California arson suspect Harry Burkhart suffered from severe mental illness in 2010 when she examined him as part of a team of doctors.Dr. Blaga Stancheva a family physician and specialist in obstetrics said both Burkhart and his mother Dorothee were her patients in Vancouver while both were applying for refugee status in Canada.I was asked to diagnose and treat Harry to support a claim explaining why he was unable to show up in a small-claims court case, Stancheva told CNN in a phone interview. She declined to cite the case or Burkhart's role in it.Stancheva said she and other doctors including a psychiatrist diagnosed Burkhart with "autism severe anxiety post-traumatic stress disorder and depression." The diagnosis was spelled out in a letter she wrote for the small-claims court case Stancheva said.Stancheva citing doctor-patient confidentiality would not elaborate further nor would she identify the psychiatrist involved in the diagnosis.Burkhart a 24-year-old German national has been charged with 37 counts of arson following a string of 52 fires in Los Angeles. The charges are in connection with arson fires at 12 locations scattered through Hollywood West Hollywood and Sherman Oaks according to authorities.Stancheva said the refugee applications by Burkhart and his mother were denied by the Canadian government and she has not seen Burkhart since early March of 2010.I was shocked and dismayed at what happened in Los Angeles, and it appears he was not being treated for his depression, she said.Burkhart was in court on Wednesday for a preliminary hearing.Prosecutors said his "rage against Americans triggered by his mother's arrest last week, motivated his campaign of terror" with dozens of fires in Hollywood and nearby communities.Burkhart kept his eyes closed and remained limp during most of his hearing requiring sheriff's deputies to hold him up.The district attorney called his courtroom behavior "very bizarre."This defendant has engaged in a protracted campaign in which he has set, the people believe, upwards of 52 arson fires in what essentially amounts to a campaign of terror against this community, Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Sean Carney said. "The people believe he has engaged in this conduct because he has a hatred for Americans."Carney told the court Burkhart would flee the country if he was allowed out of jail on bond but Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Upinder Kalra said he had no choice but to set bail. To go free while awaiting trial Burkhart must post a $2.85 million bond and surrender his German passport.It was revealed that Burkhart is also under investigation for arson and fraud in relation to a fire in Neukirchen near Frankfurt Germany.The worst arson sprees in the city's history began last Friday morning with a car fire in Hollywood that spread to apartments above a garage but no new fires have happened since Burkhart was arrested Monday Los Angeles District Attorney Steve Cooley said.No one was hurt in the fires but property damage costs are likely to reach $3 million authorities said.Cooley called it "almost attempted murder because people were sleeping in apartments above where Burkhart allegedly set cars on fire with incendiary devices placed under their engines.

The criminal complaint filed Wednesday also alleged that the fires were caused by use of a device designed to accelerate the fire Cooley said. If found true the allegation could mean additional custody time for the defendant."In numerous instances, the cars were parked in carports, resulting in the fires spreading to the adjacent occupied apartment buildings, a sworn affidavit from a Los Angeles arson investigator said. "The vast majority of these fires occurred late at night when the occupants of the apartment buildings were asleep."Investigator Edward Nordskog's affidavit detailed Burkhart's behavior a day before the fires began when he was in a federal courtroom during extradition proceedings for his mother.While in the audience, the defendant (Burkhart) began yelling in an angry manner, 'F--k all Americans.' The defendant also attempted to communicate with his mother who was in custody. Shortly thereafter, the defendant was ejected from the courtroom by Deputy U.S. Marshals, Nordskog wrote.Dorothee Burkhart was arrested a day before on an international arrest warrant issued by a district court in Frankfurt Germany said federal court spokesman Gunther Meilinger. The 53-year-old German woman is wanted on 16 counts of fraud and three counts of embezzlement he said.The charges include an allegation that she failed to pay for a breast enhancement operation performed on her in 2004 Meilinger said. Most of the German charges however stem from phony real estate deals that Dorothee Burkhart allegedly conducted between 2000 and 2006.It is my opinion that the defendant's criminal spree was motivated by his rage against Americans and that by setting these fires the defendant intended to harm and terrorize as many residents of the city and county of Los Angeles as possible, Nordskog wrote.A search of Burkhart's Hollywood apartment found newspaper clippings about the Los Angeles fires and articles from Germany reporting similar car fires in Frankfurt Germany in September 2011 the investigator said.It is my opinion based on my experience that it is highly likely the defendant has a history of setting arson fires in Germany before he came to the United States, Nordskog wrote.Burkhart's mother is scheduled for another extradition hearing Friday while he is due back in court for arraignment on January 24. Meanwhile both Burkharts are housed in a Los Angeles jail. (CNN) -- Police arrested another teen Thursday the sixth suspect jailed in connection with the gang rape of a 15-year-old girl on a northern California high school campus.Jose Carlos Montano 18 was arrested on charges of felony rape rape in concert with force and penetration with a foreign object said Richmond Police Lt. Mark Gagan.Montano was arrested Thursday evening in San Pablo California a small town about two miles from the city of Richmond where the crime took place.Montano who was held in lieu of $1.3 million bail is accused of taking part in what police said was a 2½-hour assault on the Richmond High School campus.Police said as many as 10 people were involved in the rape in a dimly lit back alley at the school while another 10 people watched without calling 911.The victim was taken to the hospital in critical condition but was released Wednesday.Four other teenage suspects were arraigned Thursday on charges connected to the rape.Cody Ray Smith described by the court as older than 14 pleaded not guilty to charges of rape with a foreign object and rape by force.Two other juveniles Ari Abdallah Morales and Marcelles James Peter appeared with Smith at the Contra Costa County Superior Court but did not enter a plea. The court described Morales as younger than 16 and did not give an age for Peter.All three juveniles who wore bulletproof vests at the hearing were charged as adults.A fourth person Manuel Ortega 19 appeared separately without an attorney and did not enter a plea. He did not wear a protective vest.Another person Salvador Rodriguez 21 was arrested Tuesday night but he was not in court Thursday. (CNN) -- Thousands on Saturday fled the area in southwestern Ivory Coast where attacks left seven U.N. peacekeepers and eight civilians dead according to a U.N. official.One attack occurred late Thursday and into Friday near Para Village not far from the west-central African nation's border with Liberia according to the United Nations.Humanitarian organizations reported Saturday they were expecting about 4000 people in Tai said Remi Dourlot a spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. Several hundred had arrived by midday Saturday in the town which is on the edge of Tai National Park.Another 35 families crossed the Ivory Coast's southwest border into U.N. refugee camps in Liberia and humanitarian groups said hundreds of others had been pushed south by the violence according to Dourlot.The movement comes after blue-helmeted peacekeepers -- who were in the area because of threats against civilians -- came under attack the United Nations said in a statement.Besides the U.N. peacekeepers humanitarian groups reported eight civilians died in violence said Dourlot.U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Friday called on the government of Ivory Coast "to do its utmost to identify the perpetrators and hold them accountable." He added that he understood other peacekeepers remained in danger.Even tonight, after the attack, more than 40 peacekeepers remain with the villagers in this remote region to protect them from this armed group, Ban said.U.N. Operation in Cote d'Ivoire and Ivory Coast troops have increased their presence in the area Dourlot said Saturday. Members of the U.N. humanitarian affairs office have deployed to Tai to coordinate relief efforts there with local authorities.Clinton urges Ivory Coast dialogueA spokeswoman for the U.N. mission in Ivory Coast said Friday's incident was the first attack on peacekeepers since they entered the country in 2004.Sylvie van den Wildenberg in a telephone interview from her office in Abidjan said the remaining forces were continuing to protect area residents "who are living in a very difficult terrain -- their villages scattered."Van den Wildenberg said it was not clear who was responsible for the attack which occurred mid-afternoon. "This is an area where you have so many different types of armed people she said. People have different aims and different reasons to carry arms and to perpetrate attack. So this is a very complex environment. We can't extrapolate. We just can't fingerpoint any group."The peacekeepers were on a reconnaissance patrol because U.N. officials had heard rumors several days earlier of armed men in the area threatening to attack a village she said.U.N. peacekeepers remained in Ivory Coast after the 2010 presidential election when the country was thrown into crisis after incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo refused to acknowledge defeat to former Prime Minister Alassane Ouattara. The latter was sworn in on May 21. Gbagbo is in custody at the Hague accused of crimes against humanity during post-election violence that killed thousands.According to the United Nations its peacekeeping force in Ivory Coast as of April 30 included nearly 11000 uniformed personnel as well as several hundred international civilian personnel local staff and volunteers. They provide technical logistical and security support to the government.CNN's Christabelle Fombu and Tom Watkins contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Four groups that advocate for immigrant rights said Thursday they will challenge Arizona's new immigration law which allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. residency.The Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund the American Civil Liberties Union the ACLU of Arizona and the National Immigration Law Center held a news conference Thursday in Phoenix to announce the legal challenge.The Arizona community can be assured that a vigorous and sophisticated legal challenge will be mounted, in advance of SB1070's implementation, seeking to prevent this unconstitutional and discriminatory law from ever taking effect, said Thomas A. Saenz president of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund known as MALDEF.This law will only make the rampant racial profiling of Latinos that is already going on in Arizona much worse, said Alessandra Soler Meetze executive director of the ACLU of Arizona. "If this law were implemented citizens would effectively have to carry 'their papers' at all times to avoid arrest. It is a low point in modern America when a state law requires police to demand documents from people on the street."Republican Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed the law last week. It goes into effect 90 days after the close of the legislative session which has not been determined.Brewer and others who support the law say it does not involve racial profiling or any other illegal acts.Racial profiling is illegal, Brewer said after signing the bill Friday. "It is illegal in America and it's certainly illegal in Arizona."The National Coalition Of Latino Clergy & Christian Leaders said Sunday it also planned legal action.Our churches and pastors in Arizona are outraged about the significant threat this anti-immigrant law will have in the lives of Arizona's Latinos, said the Rev. Miguel Rivera the group's chairman.This policy violates the rights of American citizens, particularly the fast-growing Latino population of Arizona, by eliminating the basic right of due process, which we are certain that the courts will agree, Rivera said.The law requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there is reason to suspect they're in the United States illegally. The measure makes it a state crime to live or travel through Arizona illegally.It also targets those who hire illegal immigrant day laborers or knowingly transport them.In addition to signing the law Brewer also issued an executive order that requires training for local officers on how to implement the law without engaging in racial profiling or discrimination.This training will include what does and does not constitute reasonable suspicion that a person is not legally present in the United States, she said.Some officials in Arizona have expressed their displeasure with the measure. Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon said Thursday that he is "very disappointed."He said he is concerned that calls to boycott Arizona businesses and tourism will harm the state.I'm very incredulous that our state leaders -- our so-called leaders -- have allowed our state to be split when we're suffering economic hardships, Gordon told CNN.Other critics say the bill is unconstitutional and will trample residents' civil rights.Quite simply, this law is a civil rights disaster and an insult to American values, said Mary Bauer legal director of the Southern Poverty Law Center. "No one in our country should be required to produce their 'papers' or demand to prove their innocence. What kind of country are we becoming?"But a national Republican leader said Thursday that Arizona is just filling a void left by the federal government.I think the people of Arizona have a right to pass their laws under the 10th Amendment, House Minority Leader John Boehner said. "I think it is clearly a result of the federal government's failure to secure our border and to enforce our laws."Gordon said the real solution is comprehensive immigration reform that would allow more immigrants to legally enter the United States.This law doesn't accomplish that, he said. "It doesn't do anything on that."President Obama has called on Congress to pass a comprehensive immigration reform law this year. CNN has learned that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and other top Democratic senators will unveil the outlines of that legislation late Thursday.But Boehner said at a briefing Thursday that "there's not a chance" that Congress will approve the measure this year especially after the recent passage of a health care reform bill.I've been out here for a little while and know that in the middle of an election year, after we've had bills like health care shoved down our throats and the process twisted, tortured, pressured, bribed, you cannot do a serious piece of legislation of this size, with this difficulty, in this environment, he said. "And it's nothing more than a cynical ploy to try and engage voters some segment of voters to show up in this November's elections."The Arizona measure has drawn sharp criticism from the Mexican government which issued an advisory to its citizens this week. The secretary general of the Organization of American States and some member states also expressed concerns about the law Wednesday.This is an issue of concern to all citizens of the Americas, beginning with the citizens of the United States, a country with a very rich tradition of immigration and respect for immigrants who have come to lead a better life, OAS Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza said. "The rich tradition we all admire of recognizing immigrants in the United States has been harmed undermined."The uproar caused by the law has even spread to the nation's pastime. Protesters plan to demonstrate against the Arizona Diamondbacks baseball team Thursday outside Wrigley Field in Chicago Illinois.In Arizona two popular singers also will voice their opposition.Grammy Award-winning Colombian singer Shakira is scheduled to meet with Gordon on Thursday evening.Singer-songwriter Linda Ronstadt an Arizona native of Mexican and German descent also attended the Thursday afternoon rally with the immigrant rights groups.What Gov. Brewer signed into law last week is a piece of legislation that threatens the very heart of this great state, Ronstadt said. "We must come together and stop SB1070 from pitting neighbor against neighbor to the detriment of us all."Federal officials estimate there are about 10.8 million illegal immigrants in the United States of which about 6.6 million come from Mexico and 760000 from the rest of Latin America. About 1 million come from Asia.Arizona which is on the Mexican border has about 460000 undocumented immigrants the federal government says. At least five other states including California with 2.6 million have more undocumented immigrants the government says.The other states with more illegal immigrants than Arizona are Texas Florida New York and Georgia.A Pew Research Center survey late last year found that Americans believe Latinos are discriminated against more than any other major racial or ethnic group in American society.The Pew survey also indicated that about one-third of the nation's Latinos say they or someone they know has experienced discrimination. About 9 percent said they had been stopped by police or other authorities and asked about their immigration status in the year before the survey.Fifty-seven percent of those surveyed said they worried that they a family member or a close friend could be deported. While Labor Day is the unofficial end of summer it's also the unofficial start to the campaign season.That means politicking will be on the rise especially as control of the Senate is at stake as well as control of 36 state houses. So if you turn on your TV expect to see more -- and nastier -- political advertisements. In fact Elizabeth Wilner senior vice president of Kantar Ad Intelligence says as much as $3.4 billion is going to be spent on advertising this midterm season.The race with the most at stake is the one for U.S. Senate in Kentucky. This is not just one of the only Senate races Republicans are at risk of losing but also the race where the top Senate Republican is at risk of losing his job.The Republican leader of the Senate Mitch McConnell is in a fight for his political life against Alison Lundergan Grimes a relatively inexperienced Democratic politician who was just 8 years old when McConnell started his first term in the Senate in 1985.McConnell a shrewd politician prolific fundraiser and expert campaigner has had numerous missteps making this race even more interesting. His troubles include a flubbed campaign ad a campaign manager who was a little too honest the recent resignation of that manager and a caught-on-tape moment.Grimes meanwhile has also stumbled when talking about foreign policy and questions have arisen about a possible sweetheart deal involving her campaign bus.This is one of the most interesting and critical races in the country.How Mitch McConnell crushed the tea partyHere are four other races that are worth watching:Wisconsin governor: The Wisconsin governor's race has many national repercussions as Republican Gov. Scott Walker is locked in a tight re-election battle against former Trek bicycle executive Mary Burke.Economic policy is a central component of this campaign.Walker has gained prominence in conservative politics for governing as a fiscal conservative and making deep cuts to spending by cutting public union workers' pensions. He also drastically limited workers' bargaining rights. Meanwhile Democrats backed by labor unions are again fighting to defeat Walker -- they forced a recall two years ago that Walker won -- to move forward on more Democratic economic policies including lifting the minimum wage.Walker who is also being investigated for alleged illegal campaign coordination with outside groups is considered a potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate but if he loses his gubernatorial race his path to the presidency will be very very narrow.Democrats and Republicans understand the stakes and President Barack Obama traveled to Wisconsin on Labor Day to speak at a union event in a trip packed with political symbolism.Walker Burke tied up in new pollU.S. Senate Louisiana: Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu always has tough races and her fourth bid for the Senate seat is no exception. Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy is the person who is giving Landrieu another difficult run.Cassidy is tying Landrieu to Obama in this conservative-leaning state while painting her as a corrupt Washington insider. Landrieu meanwhile is attempting to paint her Senate tenure as a picture of independence.Most interestingly a political roller coaster is possible. If Landrieu or Cassidy doesn't receive more than 50% of the vote on Election Day in November a winner won't be named until that state's December 6 election. There's a chance the Louisiana race and the balance of the Senate might be dragged out until December.Sen. Mary Landrieu to reimburse Senate for charter flightNational Democrats go after Cassidy on MedicareU.S. Senate Iowa: When popular Sen. Tom Harkin decided to retire Democrats had a small panic attack as this solidly Democratic seat was now in play. But when Rep. Bruce Braley jumped in Democrats' confidence was restored.But then that confidence has been shaken as Braley has run a gaffe-prone campaign that involves digs at farmers and meandering chickens. His missteps -- combined with the surprising strength of Republican candidate Joni Ernst who has run a great campaign that began with a breakout performance in the crowded Republican primary -- make this a possible and unexpected pickup for Republicans.Climate group attacks Ernst on tax pledge not climateFlorida's 2nd Congressional District: There is little to no chance that Republicans will lose control of the House of Representatives and some race analyzers say the GOP will even pick up seats. But this race could be a bright spot for Democrats.Even in what is expected to be a difficult year for Democrats Democratic candidate Gwen Graham could pull out a victory in this Republican-leaning district of Tallahassee and the central part of the Florida Panhandle.Graham has some advantages. She has no problem getting money -- raising more than Southerland -- and she has a Florida-famous last name. Her father is longtime Sen. Bob Graham giving her access to his connections and deep knowledge of running successful campaigns.Key races in 2014Complete midterm coverage Gaza City (CNN) -- An Italian humanitarian activist and journalist who was kidnapped in Gaza has been found dead and one person is in custody the Hamas Interior Ministry said Friday in a statement.Police investigating the case learned where 36-year-old Vittorio Arrigoni was being held and went to the location where they found the body the statement said.An autopsy revealed that he had been killed hours before police entered the location it said.Medical sources said his body was taken to Shifa Hospital in Gaza.The grisly outcome came hours after a video was posted on YouTube showing a man identified by his colleagues as Arrigoni. A black blindfold covered his eyes; his right cheek appeared red as though it had been hit; his hands appeared to be bound behind his back. A hand belonging to someone outside of the view of the lens appeared to be grasping his hair on the back and pointing the captive's head toward the camera.Arabic writing scrolled over the video threatened that Arrigoni would be killed if Hesham al-Saeedni who has been held for nearly a year by Hamas were not released within 30 hours of 11 a.m. Thursday. Al-Saeedni is the leader of a group that may have been inspired by al Qaeda said Alfredo Tradardi the Italy coordinator for the International Solidarity Movement where Arrigoni was a volunteer.The writing calls Italy an "infidel nation whose armies are still present in Muslim lands."Tradardi who had initially expressed optimism that his co-worker would be released unharmed told CNN in a telephone interview that the outcome underscores the need for progress to be made toward Middle East peace. "Now we have to work more deeply to try to change the foreign policy of our government of the European government of the United States government in order that they could press Israel to solve the problem of the Palestinians."Arrigoni had been active in the Palestinian cause for nearly a decade and had been allied with the International Solidarity Movement for more than two years "monitoring human rights violations by Israel supporting the Palestinian popular resistance against the Israeli occupation and disseminating information about the situation in Gaza to his home country of Italy the non-governmental organization said in a written statement.

Vittorio Arrigoni is a hero of Palestine said a statement released by Khalil Shaheen, head of the economics and social rights department at the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights. He was available everywhere to support all the poor people the victims."Arrigoni's colleagues last saw him about 8 p.m. Wednesday near the port in Gaza City said Joe Catron a member of the International Solidarity Movement.I think he was just the first foreigner they ran across, Catron said about the abductors. "It is ironic they happened to come across someone who has dedicated a part of his life to helping Palestine."Arrigoni who was also working as a freelance journalist was from the northern Italian region of Lombardy.Journalist Talal Abu-Rahmi CNN's Yasmin Amer Tom Watkins and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this story (CNN) -- Renowned radio personality Casey Kasem is in critical condition at a hospital in western Washington a spokesman for St. Anthony Hospital told CNN in a written statement Thursday.Mr. Kasem is alert and appears comfortable at this time, Scott Thompson a spokesman for the facility in Gig Harbor added.The 82-year-old former host of "American Top 40" and "Casey's Top 40" is receiving antibiotics through IVs blood pressure support medicine and care for his bed sores Thompson said.Kasem was admitted to the hospital Sunday after one of his daughters and an ambulance crew retrieved him from a home where he and his wife were staying with friends.Any further updates on Mr. Kasem's condition will be at the discretion and approval of his children, Thompson said.Danny Deraney a representative of daughter Kerri Kasem told CNN that members of the family including Casey Kasem's brother were flying to Washington. When asked if they feared Casey Kasem might die Deraney said it could be his last moments or he could get better. Deraney clarified that he never meant that Kasem's health was failing as was reported by several media outlets.On Thursday a message appeared on the Twitter account of Deraney PR saying that Kasem was in "stable condition." A patient can be listed as both critical and stable if his condition is poor but not deteriorating further.The radio icon has been at the center of a family feud between Jean Kasem his wife of 34 years and his three children from his first marriage.Kerri Kasem; her sister Julie; and their brother Mike Kasem have contended since last year that Jean Kasem has prevented the three siblings from visiting their father.Kasem has Lewy body disease the most common type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer's and has been bed-ridden for some time.He had been at a facility in Santa Monica California before Jean Kasem took him to Washington state after his daughter Kerri Kasem won temporary conservatorship over her father's care.Last week a Washington court granted Kerri Kasem the right to visit her father one hour a day and to have him examined by a doctor.On Friday afternoon a Kitsap County judge will continue the hearing and get an update on the situation Deraney said.Deraney expected the judge to rule on whether Jean Kasem would have to let Kerri Kasem have more input on where her father lives and who cares for him.Casey Kasem who was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "Scooby-Doo" and an announcer for NBC retired in 2009.Kasem's daughter wins additional powers in courtCNN's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report. (CNN) -- If you travel by plane and arriving on time makes a difference try to book on Hawaiian Airlines. In 2012 passengers got where they needed to go without delay on the carrier more than nine times out of 10 according to a study released on Monday.In fact Hawaiian got even better from 2011 when it had a 92.8% on-time performance. Last year it improved to 93.4%.The Airline Quality Rankings Report looks at the 14 largest U.S. airlines and is based on an analysis of U.S. Department of Transportation figures. It's co-authored by Brent Bowen the head of the Department of Aviation Technology at Purdue University and Dean Headley of Wichita State.In addition to on-time performance the joint project looks at three other categories: rate of consumer complaints mishandled bags and denied boarding performance.At a time when U.S. airlines are a whipping post for passenger complaints about crowded flights tight seats costly tickets and unsatisfactory service there is a glimmer of hope.Eight airlines improved their on-time arrival performance in 2012. Nine of the 14 rated had an on-time arrival percentage of more than 80%.ExpressJet and American Airlines had the worst on-time performance (76.9%) last year according to the data gathered in the 23rd annual report.Virgin America had the best baggage handling rate of all the airlines (0.87 misplaced bags per 1000 passengers.) American Eagle showed improvement from 2011 but still came in last fumbling baggage at a rate of 5.80 mishandled bags per 1000 passengers.When it came to complaints last year Southwest again had the lowest consumer rate (0.25 per 100000 passengers) while the distinction of being the airline with the highest consumer complaint rate went to United Airlines (4.24 per 100000.)Seven of the world's most entertaining airportsBoeing does 'final' battery test on 787 DreamlinerFAA delays closures of 149 control towers (CNN)For the second time during his papacy Pope Francis has announced a new group of bishops and archbishops set to become cardinals -- and they come from all over the world.Pope Francis said Sunday that he would hold a meeting of cardinals on February 14 "during which I will name 15 new Cardinals who coming from 13 countries from every continent manifest the indissoluble links between the Church of Rome and the particular Churches present in the world according to Vatican Radio.

This is a pope who very much wants to reach out to people on the margins and you clearly see that in this set Allen said. You're talking about cardinals from typically overlooked places like Cape Verde the Pacific island of Tonga Panama Thailand Uruguay."But for the second time since Francis' election no Americans made the list.Francis' pattern is very clear: He wants to go to the geographical peripheries rather than places that are already top-heavy with cardinals, Allen said.Christopher Bellitto a professor of church history at Kean University in New Jersey noted that Francis announced his new slate of cardinals on the Catholic Feast of the Epiphany which commemorates the visit of the Magi to Jesus' birthplace in Bethlehem.On feast of three wise men from far away, the Pope's choices for cardinal say that every local church deserves a place at the big table.In other words Francis wants a more decentralized church and wants to hear reform ideas from small communities that sit far from Catholicism's power centers Bellitto said.That doesn't mean Francis is the first pontiff to appoint cardinals from the developing world though. Beginning in the 1920s an increasing number of Latin American churchmen were named cardinals and in the 1960s St. John XXIII whom Francis canonized last year appointed the first cardinals from Japan the Philippines and Africa.In addition to the 15 new cardinals Francis named on Sunday five retired archbishops and bishops will also be honored as cardinals.Last year Pope Francis appointed 19 new cardinals including bishops from Haiti and Burkina Faso.CNN's Daniel Burke and Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report. HAMILTON Bermuda (CNN) -- Four Chinese nationals of Uyghur ethnicity who had been held at the U.S. military's Guantanamo Bay Cuba detention facility have been resettled in Bermuda officials said Thursday.Attorney General Eric Holder says the U.S. is "extremely grateful to the government of Bermuda."Above all, this was a humanitarian act, Bermudan Premier Ewart Brown told CNN in an interview at his Cabinet office in Hamilton Bermuda. "We don't see it as quid pro quo."The four were twice cleared for release -- once by the Bush administration and again this year according to a Justice Department statement.They were among 17 Uyghur detainees at the facility set up to hold terror suspects.The four were flown by private plane Wednesday night from Cuba to Bermuda and were accompanied by U.S. and Bermudan representatives as well as their attorneys according to Susan Baker Manning part of the men's legal team.President Obama has pledged to close the Guantanamo facility raising questions of what will happen to the more than 200 remaining detainees. A political backlash against bringing any of the detainees to the United States has increased the focus on sending them to other countries.Brown said he read an article on the issue of the Guantanamo Bay detainees' fates in The Washington Post while he was in Washington for a White House meeting in May. He said he decided to put an offer to the U.S. government "on the table."He said Bermuda a British colony told London of its intentions but not until late in the process. Britain must approve the transfer for it to be permanent Brown said adding that he believes the issue may raise tension between Bermuda and Britain.The issue is controversial because of China's opposition to the Uyghurs being sent to any country but China.Uyghurs are a Muslim minority from the Xinjiang province of far-west China. The 17 Uyghurs had left China and made their way to Afghanistan where they settled in a camp with other Uyghurs opposed to the Chinese government the Justice Department said in its statement.They left Afghanistan after U.S. bombings began in the area in October 2001 and were apprehended in Pakistan the statement said.  Watch concerns about resettling the Uyghur detainees »According to available information, these individuals did not travel to Afghanistan with the intent to take any hostile action against the United States, the statement said.Manning said the 17 were picked up as a matter of circumstance and never had terrorist training.They left China because they did not agree with the government she told CNN.However China alleges the men are part of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement -- a group the U.S. State Department considers a terrorist organization -- that operates in the Xinjiang region. East Turkestan is another name for Xinjiang.China on Thursday urged the United States to hand over all 17 of the Uyghurs instead of sending them elsewhere. The Chinese statement followed an offer by Palau a Pacific island nation to accept the Uyghur detainees.The Xinjiang region of 20 million people is largely populated by ethnic Uyghurs and other Muslim minorities who have traditionally opposed Beijing's rule and clamored for greater autonomy.A senior U.S. administration official told CNN the State Department is working on a final agreement with Palau to settle the matter of the 13 remaining Uyghur detainees.Issues to be worked out include how to transfer the Uyghurs to Palau and how much money the United States would give the men for resettlement the official said.The official said the average in such cases is $100000 per person.The United States will not send Uyghur detainees cleared for release back to China out of concern that they would be tortured by Chinese authorities. China has said no returned Uyghurs would be tortured.Palau said it will take in the ethnic Uyghur detainees for humanitarian reasons and because of the "special relationship" between Palau and the United States.Palau with a population of about 20000 is about 1000 miles (1600 kilometers) southeast of Manila in the Philippines and about 4600 miles (7400 kilometers) west of Hawaii. It has received nearly $900 million in U.S. aid since independence in 1994 according to congressional auditors and depends on Washington for its defense.In 2006 five other Uyghur detainees were transferred to Albania according to the Justice Department which said it has no reports they took part in any post-resettlement criminal behavior or terrorist activities.Since 2002 more than 540 detainees have departed Guantanamo for other countries including Albania Algeria Afghanistan Australia Bangladesh Bahrain Belgium Denmark Egypt France Great Britain Iran Iraq Jordan Kazakhstan Kuwait Libya Maldives Mauritania Morocco Pakistan Russia Saudi Arabia Spain Sweden Sudan Tajikistan Turkey Uganda the United Kingdom and Yemen the Justice Department said.CNN's Brian Vitagliano and Don Lemon contributed to this report. Kathmandu Nepal (CNN) -- A ferocious leopard may have killed 15 people in Nepal in a 15-month span its latest victim a 4-year-old boy that the creature dragged away into the jungle to eat.The head of boy was found in the forest a kilometer from his home Saturday morning said Kamal Prasad Kharel the police chief of the Baitadi district an area about 600 kilometers (373 miles) west of Kathmandu.The grisly discovery which came after teams of people searched for the child marks the 15th victim in the past 15 months in that remote district in western Nepal.The police chief suspects that a single man-eating leopard is responsible for the deaths. If not there are at most two of the man-eating creatures around he believes.Maheshwor Dhakal an ecologist at the Department of National Parks and Wildlife Conservation in Kathmandu agreed that it is unusual to find more than one or two man-eating animals in one area. Most leopards live on wild prey.More human victims could also be expected if there were more than one or two man-eaters around he said.Since human blood has more salt than animal blood, once wild animals get the taste of salty blood they do not like other animals like deer, Dhakal said.Kharel said he feared the actual number of people killed by the leopard could be higher than 15 because others have lost their life to leopard attacks in Uttarkhand state in northern India which borders Baitadi district.It could be the same leopard, he said.Of the 15 victims in Nepal so far two-thirds are children below the age of 10. The others are older children and a 29-year-old woman who had gone to collect fodder for domestic animals in the nearby forest a common practice in Nepal.No adult male has been killed, Kharel said.All the victims are from villages bordering the dense forests in the district he said.After killing its victim the leopard takes the body away into the forest to eat.In the case of the children it just leaves behind the head, eating everything, but some parts of the adult body are left behind because it cannot finish it, Kharel added.The district administration has announced a Rs. 25000 (about $300) reward to anyone who captures or kills the leopard.The local administration has sought to raise public awareness of the dangers of going alone into nearby forests and has mobilized the police armed police force and local people who have licensed guns to hunt for the animal.Controlling this particular leopard has been a challenge for the wildlife officials in Kathmandu.We are sending a veterinary doctor to the district to understand the situation, Dhakal the ecologist said. "There is no alternative but to kill the leopard."The chief district administrator has granted permission for this particular leopard to be killed. Normally it is illegal to kill wild animals.Leopards are common in the low mountain areas as compared to the high Himalayas across the country.While cases of leopards killing domestic animals are common and there are sometimes instances of leopards killing people in Nepal this case is "extreme Dhakal said.

Kyle members of Chosen Company you did your duty Obama said. And now it's time for America to do ours."White himself insisted that the Medal of Honor cannot really be an individual award calling it "a testament to the trust we have in each other and our leaders."Still the President said that he deserved to be singled out. A high school freshman when the Twin Towers fell on September 11 2001 White joined the Army and was just 20 years old and 21 months into his military service when he faced the ultimate test.He aced it and in doing so represented the best of what Obama called the "9/11 generation (which) has proven itself to be one of America's greatest."Today, the President said to a crowd that included White his parents and many of his former comrades "we pay tribute to a soldier who embodies the courage of his generation."Attacked in 'ambush alley'On Tuesday White dressed in full uniform. But on most other weekdays he now wears a suit to his job as an investment analyst at a bank in Charlotte North Carolina -- a job that he's admitted to Obama with a laugh is less exciting than his previous job in the Army.The Washington state native joined up after high school following the lead of his father a former Army Special Forces member. His service had like many other members of the military earned him a ticket to Afghanistan as his platoon's radio telephone operator.He was there on November 9 2007 walking back from a meeting with elders with his unit of 14 and a squad of Afghan army soldiers.They knew not to stop, they had to keep moving, Obama recalled of the group walking single-file with a cliff to their right and a steep rocky slope to their left. "They were heading into an area known as ambush alley."In an interview prior to the award ceremony White told CNN how the group walked "down this little incline and looking into the valley (when) I hear this single shot. Then two shots then the echo then fully automatic gunfire."Taking so much fire members of his patrol were separated as they tried to take cover. White was finishing off his first magazine and beginning to load another one when an rocket-propelled grenade exploded knocking him unconscious.Moments after he came to an enemy round hit a rock just inches from his head. The shrapnel and rock fragments cut his face.Dazed he struggled to take in what was happening. He and four others had been separated from the other soldiers who'd jumped from a cliff. White administered first aid to one wounded soldier using the only cover available: a single tree. That soldier would survive.It was at that point in the attack that White realized his radio wasn't working.He looked out and saw a member of his patrol about 30 feet away whose wounds were so bad that he could not move. White ran toward him braving enemy fire.White was able to drag the wounded man back to the tree.But the man's injuries were too severe and he died.Risking death again and againWhite continued to risk himself to help his fellow warriors again running from cover into enemy fire to reach the platoon leader. White told the military publication Stars and Stripes that he could see the leader's helmet and assault pack but he couldn't tell whether the leader was alive. White had to see he said.White crawled toward the man. It was too late. He was dead.White figured he would be killed. But he would do what he was trained to do. He would carry out his duty.It was never a choice, he explained to CNN. "I told myself from the beginning that I was going to be killed you know... just the amount of fire ... I'm not gonna make it through this."But he kept focused. The soldier White had dragged to the tree earlier was hit again this time in the knee so the White wrapped his belt around the man's leg creating a tourniquet.Then White found a working radio on a deceased comrade and called for artillery and helicopter gunships to help.Finally maybe there could be hope. But then a friendly mortar round landed near White.I remember just red hot chunks of metal like the size of my palm just flinging by your head, he told Stars and Stripes.Suffering a concussion White managed to hang on waiting for helicopters to evacuate him and others with him that day. When help arrived he told his rescuers to put the other wounded aboard first.A soldier changedSpeaking with National Public Radio this week White said the experience -- from the violence to the wait -- seemed like "forever." And it hasn't entirely gone away all these years later.It's something you still think about every day, White said. "I still have these images from that day burned into my head. But it's something as time goes on it gets easier."But something inside him changed he said.Even to this day, you know, I can't say if it was something good or bad. ... he told NPR. "And that was pretty much the reason why I decided to leave the Army."White first returned home and trained other paratrooopers. When it came time for White to re-enlist he thought hard about whether doing so felt right. He decided against it because he doubted that he could devote his complete heart and mind to it he told NPR.It was unacceptable to him to continue in the service and then perhaps be deployed to Afghanistan. Service members deserve a leader who is all in he explained.Obama called him on February 10 to tell him he'd be given the Medal of Honor. He's the 10th recipient of that award for his actions in Afghanistan and the seventh surviving recipient. Four service members received the Medal of Honor -- all posthumously -- for actions in the war in Iraq according to the Congressional Medal of Honor Society.In a brief statement to reporters after Tuesday's ceremony White called the Medal of Honor "a symbol of the responsibility all soldiers knowingly face when they depart for distant lands in defense of the nation a responsibility that locks us all in the bonds of brotherhood."As such White couldn't help but think about his brothers in arms.Without the team, he said "there could be no Medal of Honor. That is why I wear this medal for my team."Read the transcript of the White House ceremony24 minority veterans receive long overdue Medal of HonorSee Kyle White's Army profileCNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Like a stereotypical beauty pageant it looks like thin will be in at the world's largest annual gadget convention next week in Las Vegas.At the 2012 International Consumer Electronics Show computer makers will be pushing a new breed of ultra-thin ultra-light laptops amid a sea of razor-thin smartphones and tablets.Last year 140000 people in the technology industry convened at the Las Vegas Convention Center to mingle and gawk at cutting-edge hardware. The organizers expect to welcome at least that many people next week.Electronics makers use CES as a platform to show the types of products they plan to release in the coming year. The compact disc player high-definition television and Blu-ray each debuted at past conventions. Decades since its formation the yearly six-day event is a spectacle.But with some of the largest players in today's consumer electronics industry shunning CES the trade show's impact may be waning.Apple the world's most valuable technology company and Amazon an upstart in tablets and the leader in e-readers do not participate. Google's operating systems can be found in partners' booths running on phones tablets and TVs but the software giant does not run a booth.And Microsoft which will deliver its 14th CES presentation Monday announced recently it will not have a booth or participate in the keynotes after this year's event.Are we doing something because it's the right thing to do, or because 'it's the way we've always done it?'  a Microsoft spokesman asked rhetorically in a statement.The big product categories that will dominate the CES show floor next week according to manufacturers and analysts are not revolutionary. They are expected to be thinner lighter and more refined versions of gadgets that have already gained a toehold with consumers.TabletsElectronics makers have been chasing after Apple's iPad for two years and the racetrack is expected to get more crowded next week.Google and Samsung last month released the first phone running Android 4.0 which is Google's first system that's designed to work consistently on either a phone or a tablet. At CES tech companies will showcase plenty of phones with that software but the touchscreen tablets with Android 4 will be prevalent.Not to get left out of the party it started about a decade ago Microsoft is stepping up its tablet efforts. The next major version of Windows will have a revamped interface for tablet computers which will present programs as tiles that can be touched to fill the screen.Analysts expect to see a bevy of Windows 8 tablets at CES.With so many options bargain hunters may get to pick something besides Amazon's Kindle Fire which lit up holiday sales last month. (The Fire actually has quite a bit of Android code under the hood. Sorry Microsoft.)UltrabooksWindows won't be just for tablets of course. A new breed of computers called Ultrabooks will launch at CES from several PC manufacturers.If the tablet wars are a response to the iPad then Ultrabooks follow in the footsteps of Apple's MacBook Air. They are thinner and lighter than the average laptop because they typically do not have disc drives and instead of hard drives use flash memory which is faster but more expensive.Microsoft will enable this anti-disc computer with the application store in Windows 8. But the Ultrabook initiative is being driven by Intel which makes the processor that runs them.You have Intel pushing heavily on this very thin but relatively traditional clamshell form factor without a lot of emphasis on touch, NPD Group analyst Ross Rubin said in a phone interview. "And then you've got Microsoft pushing the touchscreen tablet experience."Netbooks appear to be on their way out. That's a bad sign for Google whose Chromebooks have struggled to challenge Microsoft in PC operating systems.Internet TVs that also do 3-DTVs have long been the centerpiece of CES and of the consumer electronics industry as a whole. For the last few years the big push has been in three-dimensional viewing technology but demand has been small.Meanwhile Internet services are also working their way onto television sets. Netflix and Pandora have seen tremendous growth on TV platforms.For the 3-D optimists app-friendly TVs which also happen to work with 3-D glasses could allow for more 3-D video from independent filmmakers who distribute over the Web Rubin noted.CES is expected to provide a launchpad for TVs that are smarter about how they let watchers access Web content analysts say. Google has reportedly invested more in its TV platform which should be evident at CES.The electronics giants do not want to get beaten to another big opportunity by Apple which is rumored to be working on a TV set of its own. Don't expect Apple to show up at CES with a big screen though. Or to show up at all.Connected carsAs the automotive industry strives for a rebound car makers are looking for high tech to be their guide.Several car companies have lined up CES presentations. They are expected to announce partnerships with popular Internet software companies and unveil technical wonders available at the touch of a button on the steering wheel. Dieter Zetsche the head of Mercedes-Benz Cars will present a keynote speech Tuesday.MOG the music-streaming service plans to announce integration with a line of cars Tuesday. And since last CES Pandora has more than doubled the number of cars that tap into its streaming radio service Pandora founder Tim Westergren said in a phone interview.These companies see the car as a software platform, Westergren said. "It's the computer on four wheels."AppsSure CES is about gadgets but the programs that run on them have become a key selling point.Many electronics makers have apparently decided that each new phone tablet car or refrigerator should allow owners to update their Facebook statuses.Software has simply become so critical to the overall customer experience, said Rubin the NPD Group analyst. "It's no longer an optional part of the business."Software makers are eager to exploit this reality. Many say they will tout their wares at partners' booths and in private meetings. For example online video provider Vimeo plans to make a major announcement Monday to coincide with the start of CES.Vimeo CEO Dae Mellencamp said in an interview at the company's New York headquarters that CES has emerged as an important venue for her company and others like it. "It's the only trade show I attend all year she said.

(CNN) -- Bayern Munich might be licking their wounds after defeat in the European Champions League final but the German club can find comfort in victory of a different kind: by beating Chelsea in football's financial league table.Despite Saturday's crushing penalty shootout loss to the English side in their own backyard at the the Allianz Arena the Bavarians have been ranked as the second most valuable brand in football.According to a new report by independent consultancy Brand Finance which has compiled a list of the 50 biggest brands in the sport the four-time European champions have been valued at $786 million.Chelsea by comparison made fifth place with a value of $398 million.But English giants Manchester United lead the way as in 2011 with a brand estimated to be worth $853 million.Manchester United have got a global reach, Brand Finance's head of sports brands Dave Chattaway told CNN.Click here to see football's top 10 brandsUnited have got quite a professional setup, with people who have worked for Pepsi, Disney, all different kinds of marketing industries. They have brought their expertise into the sports industry.But Bayern are the year's big winners.Despite the defeat by Chelsea and having been beaten to the German league and cup by Borussia Dortmund the club's brand value grew by 59% over the last 12 months.If you look at Bayern Munich, they are a domestic powerhouse, said Chattaway.They have got really strong links with strong German brands.

Bayern have long-term deals they have been with Adidas for over 10 years. They generate the highest commercial revenue and they are able to negotiate the highest possible deals based on their dominance of the German market."Munich mourns as Bayern blow big chanceBehind United and Bayern are the Spanish "El Clasico" rivals of Real Madrid third with a value of $600 million and Barcelona with a brand worth $580 million.Spanish champions Real and 2011 European champions Barca have seen similar decreases in the value of their brands 7% and 8% respectively which Chattaway puts down to the country's current economic plight.They have both had relatively successful years on the pitch, he said.The eurozone crisis has really impacted the capital in Spain and Italy. It's not necessarily something they are doing wrong commercially, it's a sign of the economy they operate in.The top 10 is dominated by teams from the English Premier League with United and Chelsea followed by 2011-12 title winners Manchester City in eighth ($302 million)Torres unsure of Chelsea futureWithin Europe, the Premier League is still the pinnacle, explained Chattaway. "It still generates the most money because of the broadcast rights.It is much more attractive to a foreign audience than the German Bundesliga or the Spanish First Division. The Premier League clubs are benefiting from that.Italian Cup winners Napoli ($85 million) were the only Serie A club to increase brand value coming off the back of a relatively successful Champions League campaign to be 22nd overall.AC Milan ($292 million) placed ninth on the list after winning the title in 2010-11 while this season's champions Juventus ($160 million) fell from 10th in 2011 to 16th this year.Former England captain David Beckham and his Los Angeles Galaxy teammates enjoyed a landmark year in 2011 being crowned Major League Soccer champions for a third time.Despite their success and despite boasting one of football's most recognizable and marketable stars the Galaxy ($46 million) only crept onto the list in 50th position.The game in the U.S. is still developing massively, said Chattaway.The revenues are a fraction of those in Europe. The games are rarely sold out and the grounds themselves have quite a small capacity.

The clubs need to better understand the brand asset that they own so that they can ensure they get the right returns on all commercial deals."The list took into account various revenue streams for clubs such as ticket sales merchandising sponsorship deals and money received from the sale of broadcasting rights.. Tripoli Libya (CNN) -- Rebels in Tripoli furiously hunting for signs of longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi are exploring a network of tunnels and bunkers built beneath his massive compound.CNN's Sara Sidner got a peek at the passageways Friday. She dubbed it "Gadhafi's inner sanctum."The correspondent who's been covering the battle of Tripoli walked down steps into a pitch-dark tunnel and used a flashlight to navigate an underworld described as "massive."So far she said rebels have cleared about 700 meters of underground passages. The tunnel network is believed to extend all the way to the city's international airport and the Rixos hotel. That's where 33 journalists and two foreign nationals were held for five days by pro-Gadhafi forces.It also is thought to extend to a neighborhood where Gadhafi forces were lobbing shells recently toward the compound after it was taken over by the rebels.The tunnels Sidner saw are wide enough for adults to walk side by side. She spotted a golf cart that can easily fit in the corridors.Sidner also saw a range of other sights as she strolled through the labyrinth: A thick wall a massive door and a sturdy lock. A charred ceiling couches and beds where a fire apparently occurred. Pieces of metal and shrapnel. A section where NATO bombs fell and the roof caved in.Another room contained videotapes lined up on a shelf part of a TV studio where Gadhafi may have recorded messages.It's set up like a survival bunker, Sidner said in an on-air report. "There is literally a city under here." WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney on Sunday defended the Bush administration's economic record the invasion of Iraq and the treatment of suspected terrorists warning that reversing its anti-terrorism policies endangers Americans.We've accomplished nearly everything we set out to do, ex-Vice President Dick Cheney says Sunday about Iraq.In a wide-ranging interview with CNN's "State of the Union Cheney said the harsh interrogations of suspects and the use of warrantless electronic surveillance were absolutely essential" to get information to prevent more attacks like the 2001 suicide hijackings that targeted New York and Washington.President Obama campaigned against it all across the country, and now he is making some choices that, in my mind, will, in fact, raise the risk to the American people of another attack, he said.Critics said the Bush administration's "alternative" interrogation techniques amounted to the torture of prisoners in American custody while the administration's warrantless surveillance program violated federal laws enacted after the Watergate scandal.Since taking office in January Obama has announced plans to close the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay Cuba to halt the military trials of suspected terrorists there and to make CIA officers follow the Army field manual's rules on interrogations. Cheney said the administration appears to be returning to the pre-2001 model of treating terrorism as a law enforcement issue rather than a military problem.When you go back to the law enforcement mode, which I sense is what they're doing, closing Guantanamo and so forth ... they are very much giving up that center of attention and focus that's required, that concept of military threat that is essential if you're going to successfully defend the nation against further attacks, he said.But Rep. Joe Sestak D-Pennsylvania said the Bush administration's policies undercut "what is actually the source of America's greatness -- our principles."How can we say that keeping a man in a black hole forever -- perpetually in a black hole -- and saying, 'Let's torture when we decide to,' is what America stands for? asked Sestak a former admiral who led the Navy's anti-terrorism efforts.The Bush administration took office at the end of an economic boom and left in the middle of a deep recession with a budget surplus in 2001 becoming a $1 trillion-plus deficit by 2009. But Cheney said he and Bush had to spend money to deal with the September 11 2001 attacks the resulting war in Afghanistan the disaster of 2005's Hurricane Katrina and the costly and unpopular war in Iraq now nearly six years old.All of these things required us to spend money that we had not originally planned to spend, or weren't originally part of the budget, Cheney said. "Stuff happens. And the administration has to be able to respond to that and we did."Obama has begun to wind down the war in Iraq which has cost more than 4200 American lives and nearly $700 billion in direct costs. But Cheney said the United States has "accomplished nearly everything we set out to do" in Iraq including establishing a democratic government in the Middle East.Cheney was one of the administration's leading advocates of the 2003 invasion of Iraq pressing the Bush administration's argument that Iraq was concealing weapons of mass destruction and could provide those weapons to terrorists. None of those weapons were found after the invasion but Cheney said "We've eliminated that possibility."In 2005 Cheney said the raging insurgency against U.S. troops was in its "last throes." Nearly two years later a commitment of more than 30000 additional American troops and a widespread effort to pay former insurgents to turn against Islamic militants helped quell the worst of the violence.I don't hear much talk about that, but the fact is, the violence level is down 90 percent, Cheney said. "The number of casualties [among] Iraqis and Americans is significantly diminished. There's been elections a constitution. They're about to have another presidential election here in the near future. We have succeeded in creating in the heart of the Middle East a democratically governed Iraq and that is a big deal and it is in fact what we set out to do."But Sestak said the administration was too slow to react to the problems it faced in Iraq and let the conflict overshadow the "whole fabric" of U.S. national security.The cost of this war is something that I strongly believe has far, far hurt us, he said. "We're going to recover because we're Americans. But Iraq was just one piece of our security and this administration failed to realize that."Though considered one of the administration's most influential figures Cheney said President Bush rebuffed his advice on at least two issues.  Watch Cheney tout Bush administration »He said Bush left former Cheney aide Lewis "Scooter" Libby "sort of hanging in the wind" by refusing to issue Libby a pardon before leaving office. Libby was convicted of perjury obstruction of justice and lying to federal agents investigating the leak of a former CIA officer's identity.I believe firmly that Scooter was unjustly accused and prosecuted and deserved a pardon, and the president disagreed with that, Cheney said. He would disclose no details of his efforts to lobby the president on Libby's behalf saying they would be "best left to history."And Cheney said he argued against the administration's policy on North Korea which tested a nuclear weapon in 2006. The Bush administration reached a still-incomplete disarmament deal with the isolated Stalinist state in 2007 and removed it from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism as part of the deal.I had my say, Cheney told CNN. "I got my chance to voice my views and my objections. I didn't think the North Koreans were going to keep their end of the bargain in terms of what they agreed to and they didn't."The Obama administration has nominated Christopher Hill the State Department official who was the top U.S. negotiator with North Korea to be the U.S. ambassador to Iraq. Cheney said Hill lacks the Middle East experience that his predecessors have and "I did not support the work that Chris Hill did with respect to North Korea."I think it's a choice that I wouldn't have made, he said. Washington (CNN) -- A federal judge on Tuesday ordered a full mental competency screening for Omar Gonzalez who is accused of jumping the White House fence after a disputed initial examination found him not competent for trial.U.S. District Court Judge Rosemary Collyer expressed concern that the initial mental exam ordered by a magistrate judge was done before she had a chance to hear a legal motion by the defense disputing whether the magistrate had the authority to order it. David Bos the federal public defender representing Gonzalez objected to any examination in the first place because he says Gonzalez is fit for trial.The 60-minute initial mental examination of Gonzalez at the District of Columbia jail came as a surprise to the judge and to both the government and defense. But the result finding Gonzalez not competent can't be ignored Collyer said in court Tuesday.Bos told the judge: "There is no doubt in my mind that Mr. Gonzalez is competent to stand trial." Nonetheless he withdrew his objections and agreed to allow his client to undergo a fuller competency examination to try to undo the results of the initial examination.The judge delayed arraignment for Gonzalez on new charges the government filed against him last week.Gonzalez was arrested in September after he allegedly jumped the White House fence and sprinted into the executive mansion setting off concerns about Secret Service security procedures.He was found with a folding knife and told a Secret Service agent "that he was concerned that the atmosphere was collapsing and needed to get the information to the President of the United States so that he could get the word out to the people according to an agent's affidavit filed in court. His family has said Gonzalez, an Iraq War veteran, suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and paranoia.

(CNN) -- A German tourist was in critical condition after a shark severed her right arm while she snorkeled in Hawaii on Wednesday authorities said.The approximately 20-year-old woman who was unconscious when first responders arrived was taken to Maui Medical Center for treatment according Lee Mainaga with the Maui Fire Department.Shark found on New York subway carThe attack took place about 50 yards offshore at White Rock beach in Maui. The beach has been closed one mile on either side of where the attack happened.Officials will assess on Thursday morning whether the beach can be reopened.Shark attack claims Brazilian teen's lifeThis shark attack is the fourth in Maui this year with two happening on the same day in February and the other in late July.While shark attacks have been on the uptick in recent years according to the University of Florida the fatality rate in the United States is just 2%.Discovery Channel defends dramatized shark specialBest places to swim with sharks (CNN) -- Fifteen people have now died after consuming cantaloupe contaminated with the listeria monocytogenes bacteria the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday.At least 84 people in 19 states have become ill with the bacteria the agency said. And the number of illnesses could still grow added the CDC citing reporting lags and how the disease can develop slowly in some people.On Tuesday the CDC was reporting 13 deaths and 72 illnesses in what was already then the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998.Five people have died in New Mexico from eating the tainted cantaloupes the CDC said. Three people died in Colorado two in Texas and one each in Kansas Maryland Missouri Nebraska and Oklahoma.Illnesses have also been reported in Alabama Arkansas California Illinois Indiana Montana North Dakota Virginia West Virginia Wisconsin and Wyoming.What you need to know about ListeriaMost of those who fell ill are more than 60 years old the CDC said. Doctors also are closely monitoring the pregnancies of two women who ate contaminated cantaloupe with the agency noting that listeriosis can cause miscarriages and stillbirths.Older adults and people with compromised immune systems are also especially susceptible.Public health investigators have traced the source of the bacteria to a farm in Granada Colorado.Food Poisoning 101The grower Jensen Farms issued a recall for its Rocky Ford-brand cantaloupes on September 14. By now the cantaloupes should all be off store shelves the CDC said.The agency warned that people should not eat Rocky Ford cantaloupes even if they have eaten part of one and have not yet fallen ill. It also said that consumers should be wary of eating any cantaloupes if they don't know where they came from.How to keep your food safe (CNN) -- Criminals who file fraudulent tax returns by stealing people's identities could rake in an estimated $26 billion over the next five years because the IRS cannot keep up with the amount of the fraud Treasury Inspector General J. Russell George said Tuesday.Our analysis found that, although the IRS detects and prevents a large number of fraudulent refunds based on false income documents, there is much fraud that it does not detect, said George's prepared testimony before a joint hearing of the House Ways and Means Subcommittees on Oversight and Social Security.George's report is the first detailed analysis of the tax refund fraud problem which could affect any legitimate taxpayer. His projection of $26 billion is larger than any other estimate of identity theft tax fraud.In a statement issued following George's testimony the IRS said it "believes that the five-year estimate is far too high."The estimate was based on 2010 figures, which took place before the IRS instituted major changes with the way it handles identity theft cases, the IRS statement read. "Our expanded screening on issues such as W-2 matching Schedule C information interest income and Social Security income have had a major impact on our ability to reduce identity theft fraud."Those efforts according to the IRS have lead to "stopping more refund fraud than ever before" and "are not reflected in the five-year projection" by the Treasury inspector general.Last year according to the Treasury Inspector General's Office the IRS reported that of the 2.2 million tax returns it found to be fraudulent about 940000 returns totaling $6.5 billion were related to identity theft. In its investigation George said auditors found another 1.5 million undetected tax returns with more than $5.2 billion in fraud.The primary characteristic of these cases is that the identity thief reports false income and withholding to generate a fraudulent tax return, George said. "Without the falsely reported income many of the deductions and/or credits used to inflate the fraudulent tax refund could not be claimed on the tax return. The individuals whose identities were stolen may not even be aware that their identities were used to file a fraudulent tax return."Making the problem worse George said the IRS is hampered by limited resources.Even with improved identification of these returns, the next step of verifying whether the returns are fraudulent will require resources, he said. "The IRS has faced budget cuts a hiring freeze and staffing reductions during the same time it has encountered a significant surge in identity theft refund fraud. Without the necessary resources it is unlikely that the IRS will be able to work the entire inventory of potentially fraudulent returns it identifies. The IRS will only select those tax returns that it can verify based on its resources."The scope of the problem is illustrated by what George said his auditors found for tax year 2010 in which 48357 Social Security numbers were used multiple times as a primary taxpayer identification number.When the identity thief files the fraudulent tax return, the IRS does not yet know that the individual's identity will be used more than once, George said. "As a result the tax return is processed and the fraudulent refund is issued. These instances result in the greatest burden to the legitimate taxpayer."As of last month the IRS reported that it had stopped the issuance of $1.3 billion in potentially fraudulent tax returns. The IRS says it determined these returns were potentially fraudulent through a sampling of returns and it does not believe any legitimate returns were included.George said more should be done to ensure that fraudulent tax returns are not deposited into bank accounts. In addition thieves commonly get the refunds put on debit cards.Direct deposits should not be made to debit cards issued by financial institutions and debit card administration companies that do not take sufficient steps to authenticate individuals' identities, George said.To make matters worse the IRS is not effectively helping the victims of identity theft George said adding that it can take more than a year to resolve these cases.The IRS acknowledges that it does not know the exact number of identity theft incidents or the number of taxpayers affected by identity theft, George said. "It also has not been able to quantify the amount of improper payments resulting from identity theft."In an investigation into tax refund fraud CNN reported in March that criminals have purchased luxury cars jewelry and plastic surgery with the money.First thieves obtain Social Security numbers and other personal information from insiders at hospitals doctor's offices car dealerships or anywhere the information is stored. Then they file an online tax return using the real taxpayer's name and a fictitious income. In most cases the criminals buy a debit card so the IRS can issue the refund on that card although some thieves have also gotten their returns on actual Treasury checks.The thieves know that the IRS does not verify the employer W-2s sent with the return until after the refund is issued.The IRS maintains it has certain filters in place at the start of the tax filing season to prevent and detect identity theft and fraud and it says it has recently trained additional employees across the country to deal with the problem. It has also issued special personal identification numbers or PINs to identity theft victims when they are filing future returns.But in testimony before Congress last year National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson said those filters "inevitably block large numbers of proper refund claims" since there "is no easy way to distinguish proper claims from improper ones."In testimony prepared for Tuesday's hearing Deputy IRS Commissioner Steven Miller said the agency cannot stop all identity theft.However, we have improved, and we are committed to continuing to improve our programs. We can and will continue to work to prevent the issuance of fraudulent refunds, and we can and will continue to work with innocent taxpayers to clear their accounts and/or get them money faster in a courteous and professional manner.At the same time Miller said there is a "delicate balance" in the "need to make payments in a timely manner with the need to ensure that claims are proper and taxpayer rights are protected."In the past four years he said the IRS has identified more than 490000 taxpayers who are the victims of identity theft.Various new identity theft filters are in place to improve our ability to spot false returns before they are processed and before a refund is issued, Miller said.The IRS has issued special identification numbers to taxpayers whose identities have been stolen and clamped down on abuses in filing returns under deceased taxpayers' identities and prisoners. The agency also started a pilot program in April to help local law enforcement in obtaining tax return information related to ongoing criminal investigations.I cannot tell you that we will beat this problem in one year, Miller said. "I can tell you that we have committed our talents and resources to prevent the issuance of fraudulent returns and have developed processes to minimize the pain felt by those who have been victimized." (CNN) -- A short video that has gone viral in Mexico asks a tough question of the country's presidential candidates: "Are you striving only for the (presidential) chair or will you change the future of our country?"A young girl with brown eyes and long brown hair wearing a simple white shirt poses the question. Behind her is a small army of child actors who star in the video which is cute for a moment but deadly serious.In it the children act out a day in the life of a Mexican resident fraught with all the problems and challenges that a leader must face.A child dressed as a businessman gets robbed at gunpoint as soon as he leaves his home. The robbers hand their loot over to a corrupt police officer. Protesters clash with riot police. There's a smog alert. Drug traffickers have it out with police on the streets and human smugglers unload their cargo.Seeing children act out these grown-up situations has elicited a number of responses. Some viewers have criticized it as political manipulation others as a wake-up call. But the list of Mexico's woes weighs heavily: security pollution and poverty among others.The video has garnered nearly 2 million views in less than four days.In reality, the video is not reflecting anything that people have not experienced, said Rosenda Martinez a spokeswoman for Our Mexico of the Future the group behind the production.The video targets the major presidential candidates -- Enrique Pena Nieto Josefina Vazquez Mota and Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador -- and aims to raise awareness about Our Mexico of the Future.The goal of the organization is to collect as many "visions" of Mexico's future as possible and to compile them in a book that will be presented to the candidates before the election.So far more than 10 million Mexicans have written or recorded their dreams for a safer or cleaner or more tolerant Mexico.We've had the response we've hoped for, and even exceeded it, Martinez said.After the children in the video depict a kidnapping posters of the missing and people wearing face masks because of smog the young narrator continues: "If this is the future that awaits me I don't want it. Stop working for your party and not for us. Stop superficially fixing the country."Some of the candidates have watched the video.Vazquez Mota of the ruling National Action Party said the video's message can't go unnoticed while Institutional Revolutionary Party candidate Pena Nieto expressed that now is the time for change as the video suggests.Leftist candidate Lopez Obrador of the Party of the Democratic Revolution had not seen the video but said he agreed with the theme of change.Our Mexico of the Future will release data based on the millions of messages it has received. Martinez said to expect that security and the environment are the two most popular themes mentioned by Mexicans.CNN's Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report from Mexico City. ISIS as the Islamic State jihadists in Iraq and Syria are known has become the new face of international terrorism in the eyes of the United States and its Western allies.Now the focus in America and abroad has become what will President Barack Obama and other leaders do about it?Here are key questions on the matter:1) Who killed James Foley?Britain's ambassador to the United States Peter Westmacott told CNN on Sunday that British officials were close to identifying the ISIS militant who beheaded Foley an American journalist captured in Syria in 2012.He couldn't elaborate on the identity of the killer who is seen decapitating Foley in a video posted last week on YouTube.We're putting a great deal into the search, he said referring to the use of sophisticated technology to analyze the man's voice.In the video Foley 40 is seen kneeling next to a man dressed in black who speaks with what experts say is a distinctly English accent.Linguists said that based on his voice the man sounds to be younger than 30. He also appears to have been educated in England from a young age and to be from southern England or London.Britain close to identifying James Foley's killer ambassador says2) Will the United States expand air strikes to ISIS targets in Syria?Pressure is increasing on Obama to go after ISIS in both Iraq and Syria ignoring an essentially non-existent border between them.Last week Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said that taking on ISIS in Syria was the only way to defeat the Sunni jihadists.For Obama the step would reverse his refusal for three years to get involved militarily in Syria despite pressure from his own advisers including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Obama "has not made any decision to order military action in Syria White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday, but the speculation and insistence continued.

Two of the most effective fighting forces in Syria are al Qaeda or al Qaeda splinter groups or groups like Hezbollah backed by Iran Bergen said. So if you intervene you may be helping Iran and Hezbollah and (Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's) regime."Obama already sent military advisers to Iraq and launched air strikes to protect them and minority groups from ISIS fighters rampaging through the country's north.Is Obama heading toward airstrikes in Syria?A White House spokesman said last week that Obama would consult with Congress before taking such a step in Syria. The President also would seek to forge a coalition including regional allies as well as U.N. and European Union support officials have made clear.Republicans urge airstrikes in Syria to defeat ISIS3) Will the Syrian regime that Obama opposes help fight ISIS?Obama wants al-Assad out of power but now the Syrian leader engaged in a civil war against a U.S.-backed opposition is offering to help him take on ISIS.Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said Monday his government would accept support from the United States and others working under the U.N. umbrella to fight "terrorists" -- a code word for the group that calls itself the Islamic State and seeks to establish a caliphate across a Sunni-dominated swath of the the Middle East.Moallem however warned against any unilateral action or strikes in Syrian territory without its permission saying "any effort to fight terrorism should be done in coordination" with the "Syrian government."Last week Atlantic Council senior fellow and Syria expert Frederic Hof said a U.S. rescue mission for Foley earlier this year that went into Syria but failed to find him established the precedent for military action across the Iraq border superseding any legal considerations such as being asked by the host government to enter.The sort of legal barrier that prohibited doing something inside Syria now seems to have evaporated, Hof said.The Syrian offer to help fight ISIS comes after al-Assad's government enabled the group to expand amid the Syrian civil war. ISIS fighters have attacked the Syrian opposition fighting government forces but also have seized some government territory.Al-Assad's military recently launched its own air strikes on ISIS positions amounting to what Hof described as a dispute between crime gangs over money -- in this case from oil fields occupied by ISIS.Syria ready to cooperate with UN to fight terror4) Will ISIS attack the West?To some in the United States especially critics of Obama an ISIS attack on U.S. interests and even the homeland is a question of when not if.ISIS is a very powerful local organization, and probably a reasonably powerful regional terrorist organization, former CIA chief Michael Hayden told CNN on Sunday. "But it's one that has global ambitions -- and it has the tools."There's no clear consensus inside the intelligence community as to whether ISIS which calls itself the Islamic State is currently capable of striking the West.It's expressed the intent, Hayden said. "There's no more powerful way to express their street credentials among the jihadist community than a successful attack against the West."Graham a consistent advocate for increased U.S. military might told CNN on Sunday that "it's about time now to assume the worst about these guys rather than to be underestimating them."ISIS threat to the West5) Can the ISIS money flow be stopped?Bank robbery kidnapping smuggling selling oil on the black market -- ISIS gets money to fund and expand its organization in all kinds of ways.Officials say the group can get about $3 million a day by selling discounted oil from fields it has seized in Iraq. It also has grabbed millions robbing banks including an Iraqi central bank in Mosul.Western allies can reduce the group's income by refusing to pay ransom for abducted citizens and pressuring regional governments to crack down on wealthy citizens sending money to it.The United States is working with governments in the region including Kuwait Qatar and Saudi Arabia to stop such private donations State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said last week.ISIS oil money (Health.com) -- An essential nutrient found in fish oil does not appear to slow the mental decline associated with Alzheimer's disease according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.The study is merely the latest to cast doubt on the mental benefits of the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) which until recently was considered a promising way to minimize the risk and damage of dementia. (The other main ingredient found in fish oil eicosapentaenoic acid or EPA is not believed to play a significant role in brain health.)Health.com: Fish oil doesn't benefit new moms babiesDHA or fish-oil supplements aren't likely to cause any harm to Alzheimer's patients but they aren't likely to do any good either says Steven H. Ferris Ph.D. the director of the Aging and Dementia Research Center at New York University.Fish oil "seems to be healthy in general and maybe for other things it's helpful but it doesn't benefit cognitive function in a person with Alzheimer's says Ferris, who was not involved in the study.

It's not the first time something in large epidemiological datasets just didn't work out clinically Ferris says, noting that statin medications, anti-inflammatory drugs, and estrogen therapy have all failed to live up to their initial promise in preventing or treating Alzheimer's. Unfortunately that seems to be the situation here."The study was funded by the National Institute on Aging and was led by Dr. Joseph F. Quinn M.D. a neurologist at the Oregon Health and Science University in Portland.Quinn and his colleagues randomly assigned about 400 women and men in their mid-70s with likely Alzheimer's disease -- the disease is very difficult to accurately diagnose -- to take 2 grams of DHA or placebo capsules per day. After 18 months the average mental decline in the DHA and placebo groups was nearly identical as measured on two separate tests and rating scales.Despite the disappointing results the study doesn't entirely rule out the possibility that DHA may have some benefit if taken earlier in life. A growing body of research suggests that dementia begins decades before any noticeable symptoms surface and it's possible that DHA helps prevent or slow those harmful changes.Health.com: 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer's diseaseTreatments such as DHA may be too little too late for people who are already showing signs of Alzheimer's according to Dr. Kristine Yaffe M.D. a professor of psychiatry at the University of California San Francisco.Effective treatment strategies to prevent progression of [Alzheimer's disease] will likely need to be initiated earlier, Yaffe writes in an editorial accompanying the study.Copyright Health Magazine 2011 (EW.com) -- Chris Meloni has booked his first post-"SVU" gig -- and it's a bloody good one.The former star of the Dick Wolf drama will join HBO's "True Blood" in season 5 as "ancient powerful vampire who holds the fate of Bill and Eric in his hands." He will be a series regular.Meloni's role on Alan Ball's drama marks a homecoming of sorts: The actor previously played Chris Keller on the pay cabler's gritty drama "Oz" from 1998 to 2003.Earlier this year Meloni decided to step down from playing Detective Elliot Stabler on the long-running NBC drama.See the full article at EW.com.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly© 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved. Ballet dancer Pavel Dmitrichenko often cast as the villain in Bolshoi Ballet productions is now the lead defendant in a plot worthy of a Tchaikovsky score.The 29-year-old allegedly choreographed an attack intended to blind Bolshoi artistic director Sergei Filin the man who put him in the roles of Ivan the Terrible and Swan Lake's evil genius.The mystery of who threw sulfuric acid into Filin's face in January has captivated Russians and kept Moscow detectives busy probing rivalries within Russia's renowned 240-year-old ballet company.It might well send Hollywood literary agents and producers scrambling for story details as described by police reports and local media accounts.Police declared their case was solved this week with a confession by DmitrichenkoRussian police question suspect in Bolshoi director's acid attackI organized this attack but not to the extent that it happened, he is heard saying in a video released by police.The characters in this drama include Dmitrichenko's girlfriend Anzhelina Vorontsova. She has not been charged but local newspapers quote ballet members as saying Dmitrichenko was angry because he thought Filin was stifling her career.Two alleged co-conspirators have been detained: Alleged hit man Yuri Zarutsky -- a burly bearded Russian who was previously convicted of beating someone to death -- and Andrey Lipatov who allegedly drove the getaway car after Zarutksy's battery acid attack on Filin.While the final act must still play out in a Russian courtroom the story opens in the nearly two-century-old Bolshoi Theatre.Act 1 - The Bolshoi TheatreBallet is a world where competition is fierce and where the artistic director wields considerable influence in making or breaking careers.Filin 42 was promoted to the Bolshoi Theatre's coveted post in March 2011 shortly after the deputy ballet director Gennady Yanin who was widely seen as a favorite for the artistic director post resigned when pornographic pictures of him surfaced online.There was "fierce rivalry" for the Bolshoi position at the time according to the RIA Novosti news agency.That year two dancers quit unhappy with the direction the ballet had taken.Another dancer Nikolai Tsiskaridze loudly criticized Filin for going over budget in the ballet's multimllion-dollar renovation.Tsiskaridze incidentally was also a contender for the artistic director job that Filin got.But beyond professional disagreements sinister factors were also at play.Act 2 - The Streets of MoscowRIA Novosti reported that before the attack Filin suffered months of intimidation including threatening phone calls.Someone slashed his car tires. Somebody also attempted to hack his Facebook page.The trio of conspirators obtained battery acid at a car parts store and made the acid stronger by evaporating the water from it police said.Dmitrichenko who studied Filin's schedule called Lipatov and Zarutsky when he saw Filin leave the theater on the cold night of January 17 police said.As Filin entered the security code at the door of his Moscow apartment authorities say Zarutsky confronted him and tossed the sulfuric acid into his face.  It caused third-degree burns and left him blinded.Act 3 - Moscow Police HeadquartersDetectives pored over interviews with those who knew Filin and had suspicions about who would harm him. Other clues led them to several cell phones that Dmitrichenko had registered in other people's names according to a police statement.Calls from those phones led investigators to Lipatov the alleged driver.I didn't see what happened there, Lipatov told them in a video released by police. "I just took Yuri there waited for him and gave him a lift back."When an interrogator asked Zarutsky about the crime he allegedly said "I don't want to talk about it."Police concluded a "hostile relationship" stemming from Dmitrichenko's professional interaction with Filin was his motive.Bolshoi Prima ballerina's grace under pressureAct 4 - A Moscow CourtThe three men faced a judge Thursday who ordered that they be kept in police custody until the investigation is over.If convicted the attackers could face up to eight years in jail for willfully inflicting damage on the health of another.It may take at least six months for Filin to recover from the burns.In the meantime Galina Stepanenko a former principal dancer will run the company.She says she's going to follow Filin's plans and she believes the dancers will now be united by greater respect and care for each other.Doctors performed a skin graft on Filin and after a second eye surgery they were able to save his sight.His colleagues are now working to ensure his artistic vision isn't lost.Read the latest news on CNN.com This week the Supreme Court heard two historic cases on marriage. Even though I was a lawyer in the litigation and in the courthouse both days I can't predict which way the court will come down. But the outcomes range from nothing at all to fundamentally restructuring the foundational unit of western civilization.Hollingsworth v. Perry is about whether state laws defining marriage as one man and one woman violate the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. United States v. Windsor asks whether Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act which defines marriage for federal law and programs as between one man and one woman is unconstitutional. DOMA passed in 1996 with 78% of the U.S. House and 85% of the Senate and was signed by President Bill Clinton.The whole nation is focused on the litigation. Ironically it's possible that neither case will be decided on the merits.In Hollingsworth California's governor and attorney general abdicated their duties by refusing to defend their state constitution. So pursuant to California law the sponsors of Prop 8 — officially registered with the state — stepped in to defend the law represented by Charles Cooper at Cooper Kirk and the Alliance Defending Freedom.In Windsor the defendant was the federal government. But President Barack Obama declared that he believes DOMA is unconstitutional and ordered his Justice Department not to defend it. So per its rules the U.S. House voted to authorize Paul Clement  — probably the greatest Supreme Court lawyer practicing today — to defend DOMA.Article III of the Constitution limits the jurisdiction of the federal courts. One requirement is that there must be adversity between the parties. Since the defendants in both cases refused to defend their own laws the court will consider whether the Constitution allows these third-party legal teams to become a proper party to the lawsuits.There's a second issue in Windsor. Edith Windsor entered into a gay marriage in Canada in 2007 and lived in New York. When her partner died in 2009 Windsor sued to contest the federal estate tax she paid claiming a spousal exemption.But New York did not create gay marriage until 2011 so Windsor was not harmed by DOMA not allowing the federal government to recognize her marriage since if the IRS used state definitions Windsor would still be regarded an a single woman. Thus it's possible she lacks standing to sue over the issue. It also raises the issue of whether courts must recognize polygamous marriages which are legal in dozens of nations worldwide.The swing vote regarding the Article III issues in both cases is probably Chief Justice John Roberts. He openly expressed skepticism in Hollingsworth and led the Court in an hour-long debate in Windsor solely focused on whether the court has jurisdiction.Assuming the court does decide the merits the implications are historic.Windsor would alter America's system of federalism. Only the states determine who can get married. But the federal government is free to decide whom to confer federal benefits on — largely economic entitlements and federal issues such as immigration. Federalism is a two-way street. But if DOMA Section 3 is invalidated the states will be able to dictate whom the recipients of federal benefits are.If Windsor is historic Hollingsworth is earth-shattering. If the Supreme Court declares a constitutional right to marriage other than one-man one-woman then all traditional marriage laws in all 50 states will be invalid and there will be a serious debate (already in a lower federal court) of whether polygamists also have a constitutional right to national recognition.On the merits the court seems unlikely to declare an unwritten constitutional right to gay marriage though arguments did not go as well for DOMA. Justice Anthony Kennedy is likely the swing vote in both.As Justice Samuel Alito said this week the Internet and cell phones have been around on this planet longer than gay marriage. It is an energetic debate in all 50 states and this summer we will learn whether the Supreme Court will shut down this debate by making it a constitutional issue on which the American people are not allowed to vote. Zango Town Liberia 

It would be great to see England playing in front of their home fans here in London as part of a EURO Finals tournament but many countries have also put themselves forward as hosts and we expect this to be a very competitive bidding process."Less illustrious footballing nations including Armenia Israel Kazakhstan and Wales have also thrown their hat into the ring.UEFA says all 32 associations can submit a maximum of two bids -- one which covers three group matches and one knockout round and another which will vie to host the semifinal and final.The closing date for bids is April 25 with UEFA's Executive Committee announcing the host cities on September 25 next year.The full list of countries and their proposed host cities is as follows: Armenia (Yerevan) Azerbaijan (Baku) Belarus (Minsk) Belgium (Brussels) Bulgaria (Sofia) Croatia (Zagreb) Czech Republic (Prague) Denmark (Copenhagen) England (London) Finland (Helsinki) France (Lyon) Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (Skopje) Germany (Munich) Greece (Athens) Hungary (Budapest) Israel (Jerusalem) Italy (Rome Milan) Kazakhstan (Astana) Netherlands (Amsterdam) Poland (Warsaw Chorzow) Portugal (Lisbon Porto) Republic of Ireland (Dublin) Romania (Bucharest) Russia (St Petersburg) Scotland (Glasgow) Serbia (Belgrade) Spain (Madrid Barcelona Bilbao Valencia) Sweden (Solna) Switzerland (Basel) Turkey (Istanbul) Ukraine (Kyiv Donetsk) and Wales (Cardiff). New York (CNN) -- Northeast Florida State Attorney Angela Corey has made it clear that she alone will decide whether George Zimmerman will be charged in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin.Zimmerman's attorneys termed as "courageous" her decision not to present evidence to the grand jury that the original prosecutor Norman Wolfinger scheduled to convene on April 10. The Trayvon Martin family was also pleased that Corey would make the charging decision. But the question remains will George Zimmerman be charged?Tuesday in a bizarre development George Zimmerman's attorneys Hal Uhrig and Craig Sonner during a news conference held in front of the Seminole County Courthouse announced that they had withdrawn from his representation. They said they had lost contact with their client over the previous two days and revealed Zimmerman's unusual behavior -- including phone calls to Fox News host Sean Hannity and the special prosecutor Corey.The attorneys also said that they are concerned with Zimmerman's emotional and physical well-being and even suggested that he may be suffering from PTSD (post traumatic stress disorder). In short they said that their client had gone rogue.Clients fire attorneys every day for no reason or any reason. And attorneys withdraw from cases around the country daily. But it is rarely done so publicly and with so much information divulged about the inner workings of the lawyer-client relationship. Rogue clients that are potential defendants spook prosecutors. It can be a nightmare to try to locate and arrest a fleeing defendant. Remember Joran Van Der Sloot.Not surprisingly within hours of the now-infamous withdrawal Corey issued a statement saying she would be holding her own news conference within 72 hours "to release new information regarding the Trayvon Martin shooting death investigation." Many suspect that the announcement that Zimmerman had gone rogue forced the special prosecutor's hand.By all accounts though Angela Corey is a seasoned career prosecutor who doesn't bend to public opinion or political pressure. During her 25 years as an assistant state attorney Corey tried hundreds of cases including more than 50 homicides. During her three-year-plus as state attorney of the 4th Judicial Circuit Jacksonville's Duval County jail has seen an increase in the population despite a drop in crime in the city. Some say this is a direct result of her aggressive prosecutorial bent.But her career hasn't been without controversy. Recently she came under intense fire for charging 12-year-old Cristian Fernandez as an adult in the killing of his 2-year-old brother making Christian the youngest person in Florida ever to be charged as an adult.Corey a devout Episcopalian references her faith in discussing her cases which some would say is a no-no for a prosecutor. In a written statement she provided in response to her detractors about the Fernandez case Corey defended her decision to charge Fernandez as an adult by stating "We are blessed in the 4th Circuit to have a great working relationship with ... public defenders and We asked for prayers for our two-year-old victim David and for Cristian Fernandez."In discussing the investigation into the shooting death of Martin she said "What we are asking people to do is take a step back. Pray for Trayvon. Pray for his family. Listen to their words. I believe these are wonderful people who are asking for a peaceful approach to this case while still demanding the answers they deserve. And I look forward to meeting with them to try to help them on this journey. Our victims always have a tough plight."If she files charges against Zimmerman it would be wise not to "overcharge" the case. Corey needs to be able to prove her case beyond a reasonable doubt. To prove manslaughter in Florida Corey's team would have to prove that Zimmerman's acts caused Martin's death. Manslaughter would not be difficult to prove but for Florida's "stand your ground" law.Florida's law states that a person who is not engaged in an unlawful activity and who is attacked in any place where he or she has a right to be has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force including deadly force ... to prevent death or great bodily harm.So even if Zimmerman killed Martin he was justified in doing so if he believed he was in danger of being killed himself or of suffering great bodily harm. It seems the Sanford Police certainly believed Zimmerman's claims. But there is an exception.If Zimmerman was the initial aggressor he cannot avail himself of the protection of the "stand your ground" law. Former Florida State Rep. Dennis Baxley the co-sponsor of the law told me by phone that the law doesn't apply to Zimmerman if he pursued Martin and was the initial aggressor. And he is right.Florida's statute makes it clear that the justification is not available to a person who initially provokes the use of force against himself unless such force is so great that the person reasonably believes that he is in imminent danger of death or great bodily harm and that he has exhausted every reasonable means to escape.And that is what this case ultimately boils down to -- who started the fight. And the answer to that question is far from clear.Martin left the home of his father's fiancee on February 26 to buy skittles and an ice tea. He was unarmed. Zimmerman left his home to go to Target and was carrying a concealed weapon for which he had a permit. Martin was 17 years old Zimmerman 28. The police report describes Martin as 6 feet tall and 160 pounds and lists Zimmerman as 5-foot-9.Zimmerman sees Martin deems him "suspicious" and calls the police. Zimmerman tells the dispatcher he is following Martin. The dispatcher tells Zimmerman "we don't need you to do that." Martin notices Zimmerman is following him and tells his girlfriend Dee Dee with whom he is on the phone. She tells him to run and he agrees to walk quickly.Zimmerman says that he returns to his parked SUV and is attacked suddenly by Martin. Dee Dee hears someone ask Martin why he is there. Martin asks Zimmerman why he is following him. Dee Dee believes she hears Martin being tackled. Witnesses say they heard angry words heard someone crying for help (many explain it sounded like the voice of a younger person) and then a single gunshot. The screams for help stop.Three witnesses saw Zimmerman straddling Martin in the grass. The incident happens 70 yards from the home Martin was walking to not near Zimmerman's SUV. Martin is found dead laying on his stomach. Zimmerman is bleeding from his nose and the back of his head and has stains on the back of his jacket. Zimmerman isn't tested for drug or alcohol consumption and is allowed to leave the police station with the clothes he was wearing that night.A tenet of our legal system is that when there is conflicting evidence let a jury decide. I believe in our jury system. Let them decide.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sunny Hostin. (CNN)If that car parked in Harvard Yard is a rockin' school officials may soon come a knockin' because hanky-panky between students and faculty at the elite university has officially been banned.Specifically the school adopted a new policy this week that prohibits romantic relationships between undergraduates and professors. The previous policy only did so between professors and the students they taught.Harvard released a statement saying a specially appointed committee "determined that the existing language on relationships of unequal status did not explicitly reflect the faculty's expectations of what constituted an appropriate relationship between undergraduate students and faculty members ... therefore the committee revised the policy to include a clear prohibition to better accord with these expectations."The action comes nearly a year after the U.S. Department of Education announced it was investigating 55 colleges and universities including Harvard for violations pertaining to Title IX the federal law prohibiting sex discrimination on college campuses.Harvard responded at the time by saying it had appointed its first ever Title IX officer and that the school's president "recently announced the creation of a university-wide task force -- composed of faculty students and staff -- that will recommend how we can better prevent sexual misconduct at Harvard."The new policy is the result of "a formal process to review Harvard University's Title IX policy the school said.

 (CNN) -- Each summer more than 50000 people pour into a cobblestone square in Tuscany for a gut-wrenching 90-seconds.That's all it takes for the flamboyantly dressed jockeys of Italy's legendary horse race -- Palio di Siena -- to race bareback around the medieval square.It's been called the "most dangerous horse race in the world" -- about as far away as you can get from the genteel green lawns of Britain's Royal Ascot or the multimillion prize money bestowed on America's Kentucky Derby.Now as the dust settles on this year's colorful Palio di Siena CNN takes a look at five weird and wonderful horse festivals from across the world.Palio di Siena ItalyOn two days each year the pretty town of Siena in northern Tuscany is transformed into an elaborate medieval race track with 10 riders careering around the iconic city square three times.Dating back to the 17th century each rider represents their local neighborhood competing not just for the coveted victory banner -- but good luck for the coming year.Luminarias Festival SpainFire and horses may seem like an unlikely combination but that's exactly the dramatic scene which takes place in a small town in central Spain each year.Horse are ridden over blazing tree branches as part of the Luminaries Festival in San Bartolome de Pinares in an effort to purify and protect the animals.The controversial tradition which has been criticized by animal welfare groups dates back 500 years and is held on the eve of Saint Anthony's Day.Watch: From camel racing to prized jockeyWhite Turf SwitzerlandFrom fiery Spain to snowy Switzerland -- there's not a bonfire in sight at the glitzy White Turf racing carnival held on the frozen Lake St Moritz.The remarkable competition includes skijoring where horses thunder around the icy track while their riders hold on for dear life to a harness at the back trailing behind on skis.In such extreme weather -- around -20C -- fur coats are the order of the day for the champagne-sipping spectators who are perhaps better known for their luxury lifestyles than racing tips.Pasola Festival IndonesiaThe glitz and glam of snow-capped St Moritz couldn't be further from the spear-wielding horsemen of Indonesia's annual Pasola Festival.The fierce festival -- held on the island of Sumba -- sees two teams go head-to-head on elaborately decorated horses throwing blunt spears at each other as part of an ancient ritual battle.It is believed that every drop of blood spilled will bring a good harvest.Soma-Nomaoi Festival JapanIf you like your ancient festivals a little less violent there's the 1000-year-old Soma-Nomaoi wild horse chase in central Japan.The three-day festival sees samurai horsemen compete in different challenges -- from racing over a one kilometer track to battling over sacred flags.Dressed in extravagant armor helmets and carrying swords the fantastical warriors appear to have stepped straight out from the 10th Century. (CNN) -- Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Abdelati Obeidi flew to Greece Sunday to deliver a personal message from Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi a Greek foreign ministry official told CNN.Libya asked Greece to allow a special envoy to travel there to communicate a message Greek foreign ministry spokesman Grigoris Delavekouras said. The nature of that message was not immediately known.Obeidi met with Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou Sunday night according to Greek Foreign Minister Dimitris Droutsas.We stressed -- reiterated -- the clear message of the international community. One of full support and implementation for the decisions of the United Nations, immediate ceasefire and an end to violence, particularly against Libyan civilians, Droutsas said after the meeting.From what the Libyan envoy said, it is clear that the administration is looking for a solution, he added.Obeidi is expected to continue talks in Turkey and Malta according to Droutsas.The envoy crossed the Libyan border into Tunisia Sunday morning and from there boarded a private Greek plane for Athens.Obeidi is the Libyan deputy foreign minister in charge of European affairs.Journalists Houda Zaghdoudi and Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report (CNN) -- Sergio Garcia a 36-year-old undocumented immigrant in California has held two lifelong dreams: to become a U.S. citizen and to practice law.He's been waiting 19 years for a visa still stuck in a backlog but the California Supreme Court ensured this week that his second dream will become a reality.Garcia can be admitted to California's state bar and legally practice as a lawyer there the court ruled.I'm super excited to finally be able to fulfill one of my dreams, Garcia told CNN Friday.Court: Undocumented immigrant can be lawyerBut the case raises many questions particularly among those who have been critical of Garcia's efforts to practice law. They question how someone who is in the country without legal status can be licensed to uphold the law as an attorney.Garcia says that this an easy initial response to make but that looking at the details of his case it is not so clear-cut. He was brought to the United States as a minor and has been in line for 19 years for a green card. If anyone feels frustrated the the situation they should address it with the federal government Garcia said.It's the immigration system that's broken he said.Garcia was born in Mexico in 1977 and taken to California by his parents when he was 17 months old according to court documents.He remained there until 1986 when he and his parents returned to Mexico. Eight years later at age 17 Garcia again returned to California with his parents and without documentation though his father had obtained permanent resident status in the United States.That year Garcia's father filed an immigration visa petition on his son's behalf which federal immigration officials accepted in 1995. The visa still has not been granted even though Garcia has lived in the state since 1994.California's Supreme Court ruled Thursday (PDF) that no state law or public policy should stop Garcia or others like him from obtaining a law license in the state.Asked why he didn't choose a different career or pursue other opportunities Garcia said law was his singular focus.I wasn't smart and put all my eggs into one basket, he said. "This whole idea of being an attorney was the only idea I had going so 20 years of working on that dream I couldn't really afford to give up on it."That, and I'm a little bit stubborn, anyway, Garcia added.Now that he has a law license however one thing that Garcia will not specialize in is immigration law.Oh, no, that's just too messed up, he said.CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet and Tom Watkins contributed to this report. (CNN)James Best best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard died Monday after a brief illness. He was 88.

Best died in hospice in Hickory, North Carolina, of complications from pneumonia, said Steve Latshaw, a longtime friend and Hollywood colleague.

Although he'd been a busy actor for decades in theater and in Hollywood, Best didn't become famous until 1979, when The Dukes of Hazzard's" cornpone charms began beaming into millions of American homes almost every Friday night.For seven seasons Best's Rosco P. Coltrane chased the moonshine-running Duke boys back and forth across the back roads of fictitious Hazzard County Georgia although his "hot pursuit" usually ended with him crashing his patrol car.Although Rosco was slow-witted and corrupt Best gave him a childlike enthusiasm that got laughs and made him endearing. His character became known for his distinctive "kew-kew-kew" chuckle and for goofy catchphrases such as "cuff 'em and stuff 'em!" upon making an arrest.Among the most popular shows on TV in the early '80s "The Dukes of Hazzard" ran until 1985 and spawned TV movies an animated series and video games.Several of Best's "Hazzard" co-stars paid tribute to the late actor on social media.I laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in a whole year, co-star John Schneider who played Bo Duke said on Twitter. "Give Uncle Jesse my love when you see him dear friend."Jimmy Best was the most constantly creative person I have ever known, said Ben Jones who played mechanic Cooter on the show in a Facebook post. "Every minute of his long life was spent acting writing producing painting teaching fishing or involved in another of his life's many passions."Born Jewel Guy on July 26 1926 in Powderly Kentucky Best was orphaned at 3 and adopted by Armen and Essa Best who renamed him James and raised him in rural Indiana. Best served in the Army during World War II before launching his acting career.In the 1950s and 1960s he accumulated scores of credits playing a range of colorful supporting characters in such TV shows as "The Twilight Zone Bonanza The Andy Griffith Show" and "Gunsmoke." He later appeared in a handful of Burt Reynolds' movies including "Hooper" and "The End."But Best will always be best known for his "Hazzard" role which lives on in reruns.Jimmie was my teacher, mentor, close friend and collaborator for 26 years, Latshaw said. "I directed two of his feature films including the recent 'Return of the Killer Shrews' a sequel he co-wrote and was quite proud of as he had made the first one more than 50 years earlier."People we've lost in 2015CNN's Stella Chan contributed to this story. (CNN) -- Rip it up and start again.As a 20-year-old Ana Ivanovic claimed the French Open on Roland Garros' clay courts. All the portents suggested great things were ahead of the Serbian.Here was a tennis player with an impressive forehand and serve with the added bonus of being incredibly marketable.But six years on much like the characters Vladimir and Estragon in Samuel Beckett's play "Waiting for Godot" -- a drama about the passing of time -- the wait for a second grand slam shows no sign of ending.Since that win in Paris in 2008 Ivanovic has suffered from big-match nerves serving woes and a series of injury problems.It is arguable she has also endured something of an identity crisis chopping and changing coaching teams along the way.Her continuing search to help solve this problem and allow her to feel comfortable in her own skin has led her to appointing a support network who speak the same language.I've been working really hard, Ivanovic told retired grand slam champion Kim Clijsters in an interview for CNN's Open Court show. "I have a new team with me since Wimbledon and it's a Serbian team for me for the first time."Ivanovic's new team includes coach and hitting partner Nemanja Kontic -- who represented Montenegro in the Davis Cup -- fitness coach Zlatko Novkovic and physio Branko Penic.They have all been part of her entourage since her split with British coach Nigel Sears in July following a second-round exit at Wimbledon.Her career is littered with coaches who have come and gone as she has searched for a winning formula to challenge consistently for grand slams.Since parting company with her early mentor Zoltan Kuharsky in 2006 she has employed David Taylor Craig Kardon Heinz Gunthardt Antonio van Grichen and Sears. A number of others have also helped her temporarily as part of the Adidas Player Development program.It's not just coaches that have come and gone. It's also true of fitness trainers.Such constant chopping and changing suggests a player stuck in a rut desperately searching for a way out of it.Her desire to follow up that 2008 French Open win has also led Ivanovic to ponder why she picked up a racket at the age of five in the first place -- for the enjoyment.We are also having more fun and a lot of laughs on the court as well to make it interesting, because the year gets very long, she said of her team.In Kontic Ivanovic may not have a wise professor on her hands as she did with Sears yet the 32-year-old ranked 1635th in men's doubles is able to offer her something that respect within the game cannot always buy -- a shared cultural identity.I'm really enjoying someone who speaks the same language and can understand you, Ivanovic said.Employing a coaching team made up of her compatriots could be key to Ivanovic performing consistently according to a former grand slam champion turned coach.She's hooked up with someone she has trust in and she's finding herself, Jo Durie who won mixed doubles at the Australian Open and Wimbledon told CNN.It's about confidence with Ana. Her sense of trust in herself is what she needs.

A lot of players on tour jump around with coaches I can never understand that. You need to get to know someone."Ivanovic's solitary grand slam win helped the baseliner become the world No. 1 for 12 weeks in total.Now ranked 14th she has been outside of the top 10 since June 2009 partly explained by her inability to reach the final four of a grand slam since that 2008 win over Dinara Safina in Paris.Wrist shoulder foot abdominal and hip injuries all took their toll as Ivanovic fell to No. 65 in the rankings. Although she acknowledges that there have been improvements in the demands of the WTA Tour calendar parts of the worldwide schedule are still difficult for the players.Especially at the end of the year when from America we mostly go back to Europe for a week and then we go to Asia for quite a few weeks, so that's kind of tiring and hard, she said.I know it's difficult to fit it all around it, but Asia at the end of the year really gets a lot of players.While her playing fortunes might have fluctuated Ivanovic's marketability has never been dented.According to Forbes she was the ninth highest-paid female athlete in 2013 with total earnings of $7 million -- brought in largely thanks to lucrative sponsorship deals including Adidas Yonex Juice Plux and Dubai Duty Free.Ivanovic has had a number of high-profile boyfriends -- including Masters-winning golfer Adam Scott and fellow tennis player Fernando Verdasco -- but as Caroline Wozniacki has discovered it is tough combining consistency on court with such a relationship.Her latest campaign though does not look like being clouded by such distraction or just as importantly injury.Kicking off the 2014 season in Auckland New Zealand she ground out a victory against fellow former No. 1 Venus Williams to end a more than two-year title drought. It was the ideal preparation for next week's Australian Open.Despite Ivanovic's obvious talent Durie doubts whether her game has the consistency required to win a grand slam.I think she'll find it difficult, added Durie. "She can beat the top players but to win a grand slam you have to win seven matches.She's capable of big wins, she can certainly beat players like Serena Williams. But can she beat Petra Kvitova and Serena in a row?Clijsters retired for a second time in 2012 having won four grand slams as she decided to focus on her family -- and has since had a second child.Ivanovic now 26 admitted that she too has started thinking about life after tennis.I still feel like there is so much I can achieve and so many tournaments I can win, she told the Belgian.I don't want to put a date to it because I think you feel it when the time is right. Family is a big part of my life and I want to have lots of kids of my own one day.

Tennis is a big part of my life but it's not my whole life. So definitely I want to achieve what I can on the court and then focus." New York (CNN) -- A federal judge has ordered that an official monitor be put in place to prevent discrimination in the hiring of New York City firefighters.U.S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis said the city needs "to comprehensively reassess its policies and practices to analyze the evidence showing the effect of those policies and practices and to rationally consider how they can be changed to achieve a firefighter hiring process that is -- in actual practice and effect -- fair and open to all."The order requires the city to take remedial steps to fix discriminatory hiring practices and puts the court monitor in place for at least the next 10 years to make sure those steps are taken.Garaufis cited "the clear evidence of disparate impact that Mayor (Michael) Bloomberg and his senior leadership chose to ignore was obvious to anyone else who looked."Instead of facing hard facts and asking hard questions about the City's abysmal track record of hiring black and Hispanic firefighters, the Bloomberg Administration dug in and fought back, the judge said in his ruling.Mark LaVorgna a spokesman for the mayor said the city intends to appeal the decision.Litigation against the city's firefighter hiring practices began in 2007 when the U.S. Department of Justice filed a complaint alleging the Fire Department of New York's hiring exams negatively affected black and Hispanic applicants.Four years of litigation and two adverse liability rulings later, the City still doesn't get it, Garaufis said. "The City's senior leaders have routinely denied that they are responsible or doing anything to remedy nearly forty years of discrimination."Bloomberg strongly disagreed with the decision.I think it's fair to say no previous administration has done more or been as successful in attracting the diversity to the FDNY than we have, the mayor told reporters Wednesday "and I couldn't feel more strongly about it."Bloomberg said 61000 people more than half of them minorities applied to the fire department in the last recruiting campaign "shattering any previous record for minority applicants."Garaufis acknowledged that the city has improved its minority recruiting but he said the subsequent hiring processes and "discriminatory testing procedures" have kept many of these minorities from actually being hired.Paul Washington a representative of the Vulcan Society one of the plaintiffs in the case praised the decision.We're very pleased to see this order and it's certainly long overdue, Washington said. "We're glad to see the judge properly addressing this issue."Details of the court-appointed monitoring as well as logistics for a future fairness hearing in which third parties will be able to express their opinions is scheduled for October 20 said Darius Charney an attorney for the plaintiffs. (CNN) -- American journalist James Foley was murdered beheaded by an English-speaking member of ISIS the extremist group that calls itself the Islamic State and has already conquered large swaths of two Middle Eastern countries. The sickening execution recorded and released online for the world to see came with a warning to the U.S.: ISIS showed another captive American journalist believed to be Steven Sotloff and threatened to kill him too if the U.S. does not stop helping those fighting to stop ISIS advances.The killing and the threat along with all the evidence ISIS is leaving as it gouges its way across the region are a direct challenge to the American people to the U.S. government and to the international community.As it makes increasingly clear what kind of an organization it is ISIS is sending a message: "Stay out of this so we can keep driving toward our objective."President Obama said Wednesday that "We will do everything we can to protect our people ... The entire world is appalled by the brutal murder."The U.S. government has crucial steps to take now. First obviously it cannot give into ISIS threats and must continue helping dislodge ISIS from northern Iraq where it is engaging in ethnic cleansing against Christians and other minorities; kidnapping raping and selling women; and massacring people. The U.S. effort should keep a special focus on helping America's loyal and ideologically moderate friends the Kurds of Iraq.At the same time the U.S. should make a strong diplomatic push to obtain international legitimacy for the campaign to defeat ISIS. It is important to prevent ISIS from scoring a recruiting victory among Muslims and anti-Western and anti-American camps by portraying this as a war between Islam and the West which it is not.There are few people on Earth who are not horrified by ISIS. That includes the overwhelming majority of Muslims. The grand mufti of Saudi Arabia Abdul Aziz al-Sheikh called ISIS and al Qaeda "Enemy No. 1" of Islam. Countless Muslims have criticized and condemned them.ISIS is the enemy of anyone who does not belong to ISIS. They kill minorities Shiite Muslims and Sunnis who don't abide by their views. They are virulently opposed to the West to the U.S. to modernity and to anyone who sees the world differently from their narrow medieval perspective.The U.S. should seek a U.N. resolution declaring that the international community including the Muslim world considers ISIS and its methods repugnant. Any country that disagrees any government that is not revolted by ISIS and troubled by its methods and its goals should go on record saying so.Before ISIS we knew that human beings are capable of unspeakable brutality. But anyone who thought man's inhumanity to man had eased after the mass crimes of the 20th century now knows better. ISIS didn't just remind us how cruel humans can be; it has taken the use of brutality as a weapon of intimidation extermination genocide and recruitment propaganda to new levels.ISIS is not the first to murder victims in large numbers; it is not the first to kill those who disagree with its beliefs or who belong to different ethnic or religious groups. But it seems no group has advertised its bloodlust with such relish and effectiveness.More important those using these methods embracing this philosophy are in control of enormous territories. When ISIS calls itself a state it is not hyperbole by very much. ISIS has taken over a a tract of land bigger than many countries something that al Qaeda its comparatively mild-mannered inspiration never came close to achieving.ISIS has established and gained full dominion not only of cities and populations but of wealthy oil-producing lands. It is now financially self-sufficient collecting millions of dollars every day from oil smuggling operations. If not stopped it could continue its push toward the oil fields of southern Iraq at the edge of the Persian Gulf which remains the epicenter of oil and gas production that allows the global economy to function.If Osama bin Laden weren't dead he would die of envy.ISIS views the videos of mass executions of severed heads on poles and of crucified men as a way to keep its enemies frightened and weakened and a way to tell prospective recruits that it is fearless in its war to create an Islamic caliphate ruling over all the world's Muslims. Its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi incidentally claims to rule over all Muslims and believes the ultimate goal of ISIS is to take over huge sections of Asia Europe and Africa.The killing of Foley an idealistic journalist sharpens our understanding of the organization seeking to dominate the Middle East. That the man who murdered him might have been British should erase any remaining fantasy in the West that this gruesome war now raging in Syria and Iraq will stay within any country's or any region's borders.Those who seek to downplay the risk to the United States should think again.Britain has confirmed that Foley's killer was most likely a British citizen. There have been reports of hundreds even thousands of Europeans training fighting and killing alongside ISIS.In June 2013 a video from Syria surfaced showing men cutting off another man's head. To the shock of Europeans they were heard speaking Dutch.The ISIS members who hold European passports are able to travel freely across Europe and the U.S. and are prepared to do the unthinkable. There are hundreds of Germans Spaniards Belgians French. Graduates of the Syria war from where ISIS pushed into Iraq have killed in Europe.And ISIS ideology is gaining support in the continent. Last month ISIS flags flew in an anti-Israel demonstration in the Hague chanting against America and the West and most enthusiastically "Death to the Jews."ISIS can simply not be allowed to keep a foothold in the Middle East. If it does the consequences will become even more catastrophic. In Iraq alone 1.2 million people have been displaced thousands killed.It is politically and strategically complicated because ISIS is also fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Hezbollah and defeating ISIS would also be enormously pleasing to Iran. But the group is a growing threat.The strategy of supporting the Kurds and the Iraqis in the front lines is a good one. It must be bolstered with material and diplomatic support. If it proves insufficient to turning back the bloody ISIS tide then it must be revamped.Foley's mother said her son gave his life trying to expose to the world the suffering of the Syrian people. That suffering has now extended to Iraq and it will only become more widespread if ISIS is not stopped. Qena Egypt (CNN) -- In a deserted playground a few hundred miles south of Cairo 13-year-old Asmaa Ashraf fiddles with a broken rusted slide. She is waiting listlessly for a lesson with her math tutor.The bright-eyed teenager lives in a sepia-toned village in the province of Qena a place of rural poverty and neglect. But she has big dreams about education. She wants to open a school one day.At my school, we'll learn, she says brushing her hands longingly over the slide. "Teachers will show up and we'll be allowed to ask questions. We'll be allowed to draw with color."Such aspirations however amount to fantasy for most youth in a country still struggling to land on its feet after being turned completely upside down.Two and a half years after the country's uprising began Egypt's fledgling democracy is stillborn stubbornly stuck between its past and future. And as the government struggles to wade through the country's protracted political problems Egypt's festering education system is orphaned -- even though with a growing youth population it's key to the country's future.In the World Economic Forum's latest report on global competitiveness Egypt ranked near the bottom -- 131st out of 144 countries -- for quality of primary education. Egypt's literacy rate is 66% according to a 2011 United Nations report. Meanwhile a report by London think tank Chatham House says just $129 a year is spent on each Egyptian student; the United States for example spends 40 times as much.The situation is worst in regions far from the capital and in Upper Egypt where more than half the population is under 29.Many schools look more like rank penitentiaries rather than hubs of learning. Students and teachers seem to be on the verge of exhaustion rather than bursting with inspiration.And forget technology. Desks and a stable electricity supply are luxuries.We didn't have enough desks last year, recalls Asmaa's 12-year-old neighbor Omnia. "So most of us just sat on the floor. We only get a little paper but my mom found this she said, holding up a small, faded Hannah Montana" notebook. The American pop culture reference is lost on her.To make up for the gaps in education millions of middle-class Egyptian families spend a large part of their income -- sometimes as much as 25% -- on private tutoring. It's impossible to know how much money is spent in all but some estimates put the total at $1 billion a year.Public school teachers rarely make more than $300 a month. More than a few of them say they teach the bare minimum in class so that they can earn more from the same students in private tutoring sessions.There are too many issues to deal with, said one 32-year-old teacher in Asmaa's village. "I have kids of my own I'm struggling to take care for." He says he gives three hours of private tutoring in the evening and does mechanical work on the side.For parents with any hope that their children will be better off investing in education is essential. Egypt's final secondary school exams are a rite of passage for students. Their scores chart their future. If they don't do well they won't get a place in college.The status quo is even more somber for Egypt's women. According to a recent World Bank report the illiteracy rate for young people in Upper Egypt is 17% higher than the national average of 11% and the illiteracy rates for females is 24% almost twice that of males. Also 70% of young women in Upper Egypt are jobless.More: Interactive -- Impossible odds unstoppable girlsPoliticians whether they're from the ruling Muslim Brotherhood or the opposition agree that educational reform is needed. But they quickly fall silent when pushed to articulate plans. One politician said the country simply has "bigger fish to fry with a controversial new constitution and still no full, functioning parliament.

This is a generation that desperately needs to learn how to critically think to learn how to be in the 21st century said Malak Zalouk, director of the Middle East Institute for Higher Education at the American University in Cairo. Mubarak's regime trained students to be loyal citizens. And now despite a revolution for dignity ... there is none."It sounds like an almost hopeless picture. However as Egypt's public education system founders a few innovative ideas have emerged.This year a few Egyptian entrepreneurs have launched Nafham a Web-based startup that features crowd-sourced educational videos. Nafham which means "We understand" in Arabic hopes to provide an alternative -- a virtual classroom -- for struggling Egyptian families. It divides the Egyptian public school curriculum into lessons that can be explained in 5- to 15-minute videos covering all lessons mandated by the government curriculum.Since the website went live in October Nafham's staff of teachers created around 4900 videos while 1000 videos were crowd-sourced -- reviewed and approved by the staff. By late May Nafham's YouTube channel had more than 1 million views.For the 65% of Egyptians who don't have Internet access -- those who stand to gain the most from the service -- Nafham says it hopes to form group viewings in some villages. It is also in talks with some companies to offer USBs with Internet access to groups throughout the countryside.Another innovative initiative is Teach for Egypt a start-up created by Nada Ramadan a 24-year-old Egyptian who's a graduate student at Georgetown University in Washington. Based on the Teach for America model Ramadan plans to recruit ambitious college graduates -- most from within the Egyptian community and diaspora -- to commit to a two-year service in which they are trained extensively and placed in underprivileged schools.Ramadan says she's running into problems however while trying to implement her idea. The bureaucracy in Egypt leaves little room for productivity let alone creativity and innovation. Still she continues to push on.We could all stand around and protest that the government is failing us, or we could go out and offer the solutions, she said. "So that's what we're trying to do."But until those solutions are offered Asmaa -- and a whole generation in waiting -- will continue to linger near broken slides daydreaming about the future.More: CNN's "Girl Rising"Interactive: Impossible odds unstoppable girlsOpen letter from Christiane Amanpour: It's time to power the worldHow to help | Take action with 10x10 The Cold War aerial games of chicken portrayed in the movie "Top Gun" are happening in real life again nearly 30 years later.A U.S. Air Force spy plane evaded an encounter with the Russian military on July 18 just a day after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was downed by a suspected surface-to-air missile that Ukraine and the West allege was fired by pro-Russia rebels in eastern Ukraine.The RC-135 Rivet Joint fled into nearby Swedish airspace without that country's permission a U.S. military official told CNN. The airplane may have gone through other countries' airspace as well though it's not clear if it had permission to do so.The U.S. plane had been flying in international airspace conducting an electronic eavesdropping mission on the Russian military when the Russians took the unusual action of beginning to track it with land-based radar.The Russians then sent at least one fighter jet into the sky to intercept the aircraft the U.S. official said Saturday.The spy plane crew felt so concerned about the radar tracking that it wanted to get out of the area as quickly as possible the official said. The quickest route away from the Russians took them into Swedish airspace. The U.S. official acknowledged that was done without Swedish military approval.As a result of this incident the United States is discussing the matter with Sweden and letting officials know there may be further occurrences where American jets have to divert so quickly they may not be able to wait for permission.We acknowledge a U.S. aircraft veered into Swedish airspace and will take active steps to ensure we have properly communicated with Swedish authorities in advance to prevent similar issues before they arise, the U.S. State Department said.The incident was first reported by the Swedish news agency Svenska Dagbladet.Russian officials did not provide any immediate reaction about the encounter.This was at least the second potentially-dangerous encounter between a U.S. plane and Russia over the past few months. On April 23 a Russian Su-27 Flanker fighter jet buzzed within 100 feet of the nose of a U.S. Air Force RC-135U reconnaissance plane over the Sea of Okhotsk between Russia and Japan a Defense Department official said.Russian fighter jet nearly collided with U.S. military plane in AprilRussian and U.S. aircraft often encounter each other both in Northern Europe as well as the area between the Russian Far East and Alaska. But the official said the land radar activity by the Russians in this instance was unusual.The ongoing civil unrest in Ukraine and the downing of MH 17 over eastern Ukraine on July 17 which killed all 298 people aboard have heightened tensions between Washington and Moscow.  Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was brought down by a suspected missile.Pro-Russia rebels have denied allegations from Ukraine and the West that they shot down the Malaysian airliner or that Russia supplied equipment used to shoot it down. (CNN)The attorney for a suburban New York cardiologist charged in what authorities say was a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed is calling the allegations against his client "completely unsubstantiated."Appearing Saturday morning on CNN's "New Day Randy Zelin defended his client, Dr. Anthony Moschetto, who faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island.

None of anything in this case has any evidentiary value Zelin told CNN's Christi Paul.  It doesn't matter what anyone says he is presumed to be innocent."Moschetto54 pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.  He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.Zelin said that his next move is to get Dr. Moshetto back to work.He's got patients to see. This man, while he was in a detention cell, the only thing that he cared about were his patients. And amazingly, his patients were flooding the office with calls, making sure that he was OK, Zelin said.Two other men -- identified as James Chmela 43 and James Kalamaras 41 -- were named as accomplices according to prosecutors.They pleaded not guilty in Nassau County District Court according to authorities. Both were released on bail.A requests for comment from an attorney representing Chmela was not returned. It's unclear whether Kalamaras has retained an attorney.Police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at Moschetto's home including hand grenades high-capacity magazines and knives. Many of the weapons were found in a hidden room behind a switch-activated bookshelf according to prosecutors.The investigation began back in December when undercover officers began buying heroin and oxycodone pills from Moschetto in what was initially a routine investigation into the sale of prescription drugs officials said.During the course of the undercover operation however Moschetto also sold the officers two semiautomatic assault weapons as well as ammunition prosecutors said.Moschetto allegedly told officers during one buy that he needed dynamite to "blow up a building." He later said he no longer needed the dynamite because a friend was setting fire to the building instead. Kalamaras and Chmela are believed to have taken part in the arson according to prosecutors.The fire damaged but did not destroy the office of another cardiologist whose relationship with Dr. Moschetto had soured due to a professional dispute, according to the statement from the district attorney's office.Moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions and cash for the assault and killing of the fellow cardiologist according to prosecutors. He also requested that the rival's wife be assaulted if she happened to be present authorities said.He was willing to pay $5,000 to have him beaten and put in a hospital for a few months, and then he said he would pay $20,000 to have him killed, said Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly according to CNN affiliate WCBS. (CNN) -- Activists speaking at a Syrian government-sponsored "national dialogue" meeting Sunday criticized recent crackdowns by the country's security forces calling for an end to violence against protesters.Syria's vice president hailed the Damascus University meeting between officials and members of the opposition as a step toward creating a "democratic nation."We hope that at the end of this comprehensive meeting to announce the transition of Syria to a pluralistic democratic nation where all citizens are guided by equality and participate in the modeling of the future of their country, Vice President Faruq al-Shara said in opening remarks at the meeting which was broadcast live on state television.Syrian activists say that security personnel have assaulted unarmed protesters during months of anti-government demonstrations that erupted nationwide in mid-March. The Syrian government has claimed armed groups are responsible for the violence at the demonstrations.Several speakers at Sunday's meeting called on Syria's government to change its tactics.The bloodshed needs to stop. Yes, there are unauthorized protests, but is it a reason to use unjustified and excessive violence? The use of all types of excessive force is unjustified, said Qadri Jameel of the opposition Front of Change and Liberation.Syrian researcher Al-Tayyeb Tizzina also criticized the use of force and asked for violence to stop in order for the dialogue to succeed.The establishment of a political society requires the immediate start of a process dismantling the police state that is dominating Syria, he said.Al-Shara acknowledged that a surge of violence in Syria precipitated Sunday's meeting.We have to admit that without the big sacrifices that were presented by the Syrian people, from the blood of their sons, civilians or military in more than one province, city and town, this meeting wouldn't have happened, he said.The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said the meeting included members of the opposition independent activists youth leaders and academics.However some opponents of President Bashar al-Assad's regime have criticized the meeting saying the government is trying to quiet widespread unrest without making meaningful changes.Demonstrators protested the meeting in nationwide "no dialogue" marches Friday.Any dialogue must be based on the base of (al-Assad's) stepping down from power, said a statement from the Change in Syria Conference an opposition group that called for al-Assad to hand over power to the vice president at a meeting in Turkey last month.Sunday's dialogue meeting began as Syria's foreign ministry summoned the U.S. and French ambassadors and accused them of interfering in internal affairs when they visited Syria's fourth-largest city without permission last week state media reported.The ministry told the diplomats that their visit to the city of Hama violated the Vienna Convention according to SANA. That 1961 accord brokered through the United Nations sets ground rules as to how diplomats can operate in other countries.However a senior U.S. State Department official said U.S. Ambassador Robert Ford was not summoned by Syrian officials on Sunday; his meeting with Syria's foreign minister was previously scheduled by the U.S. Embassy in Damascus last Thursday. The official declined to speak on the record because of the sensitivity of the situation.In the meeting Ford said his visit to Hama was meant to gather information and support freedom of expression. He also accused the Syrian government of inciting Syrians against the United States including organizing a protest outside the U.S. Embassy Friday and Saturday the senior State Department official said.Protesters threw tomatoes eggs glass and rocks at the embassy as they called for the ambassador to leave during the 31-hour demonstration according to the senior State Department official who asked to remain anonymous because of the sensitivity of the situation.State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland issued a blunt rebuttal to similar Syrian government accusations Friday calling claims that Ford's visit was inciting protesters "absolute rubbish" and saying she was "dismayed" by the Syrian government's reaction. Nuland said the U.S. Embassy had notified the Syrian Defense Ministry before the visit and that Ford's car was waved through a security checkpoint.The French foreign ministry issued a statement Sunday saying that its embassy had also been besieged by demonstrators faulting Syrian authorities for failing to stop the destruction of vehicles burning of French flags and other damage.The French government summoned Syria's ambassador to France on Sunday to issue a formal protest on this matter and to hold Syrian authorities responsible for the security of French diplomats in the Middle Eastern country. It also challenged the Damascus government's decision to summon Eric Chevallier France's own ambassador to Syria.Like the U.S. ambassador Chevallier visited Hama on Thursday and spent the night the French government said meeting with wounded people and their families and medical staffers at a hospital.Al-Assad issued a decree appointing a Hama provincial governor Sunday a day after firing the existing leader after a series of peaceful demonstrations there including a massive anti-government protest last Friday.Activists and Human Rights Watch have reported many arrests and deaths in a fierce government crackdown in the area. Citizens have called a general strike in the city.Diplomatic tensions over Syria also flared in Washington last week with the State Department summoning Syrian Ambassador Imad Mustapha Friday.The State Department said Mustapha was called "to express a number of our concerns with the reported actions of certain Syrian embassy staff in the United States."The statement issued in response to a question taken at Friday's daily briefing said the State Department had received reports that Syrian mission personnel had been conducting video surveillance of people participating in peaceful demonstrations in the United States.We are also investigating reports that the Syrian government has sought retribution against Syrian family members for the actions of their relatives in the United States exercising their lawful rights in this country and will respond accordingly, the statement said.CNN's Elise Labott Yousuf Basil and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Half a century ago with the space race in full swing the heated quest for interplanetary exploration between the Earth's superpowers gained a new self-proclaimed contender.We're going to Mars! audaciously declared Zambian schoolteacher Edward Makuka Nkoloso in a 1964 newspaper op-ed revealing to the world his fanciful plans for his country to beat the United States and the Soviet Union in their fierce battle to conquer outer space.Our rocket crew is ready, continued Nkoloso explaining that his aspiring troupe of space explorers had been gearing up for their interstellar journey in the headquarters of the academy he'd set up on the outskirts of Zambian capital Lusaka.From within what he called the "Academy of Sciences and Space Technology Nkoloso said, he'd been studying Mars through telescopes. He'd also been training his would-be astronauts by rolling them down a hill in oil drums, a technique aimed at getting his team acclimatized to the weightlessness experienced during space travel.

I needed to add mystery; I needed to add this fascination for great things and work on the photographic language that would not state if it's true adds De Middel, encouraging viewers to question the documentary value of photography. Otherwise I would have ruined the game."Big dreamsWhilst playful De Middel's dream-like images are not intended to make fun of Nkoloso's fantastical yet high-flying ambitions.Her speculative pictures exude a feeling of nostalgia and sympathy celebrating the audacious and naive spirit of a past era where grandiose dreams were not limited by circumstances.I think that's the greatest characteristic we have as humans, that we can dream of becoming big, says De Middel.Read this: Artist's spectacular glassesThat is something common to all humanity, she adds. "You don't have to be American and work for NASA to dream of going to the moon; you can be an African -- he [Nkoloso] was a school teacher and thought that could be done."Honest approachCreating The Afronauts which was sold out in just a few months De Middel worked more as a movie director trying to make the best of the resources around her. For models she relied on social media and friends; for the astronauts' helmets she used old domes of street lights; and for the flashy spacesuits she employed the sewing talents of her grandmother.It was like a short, small and very modest movie production, says De Middel. "But instead of producing a moving image I just did stills."Most of the images were shot in between different projects in locations such as Spain the Palestinian territories Italy and Romania. Others were repurposed pictures from the photographer's archive.De Middel who's never been to Zambia acknowledges she's not "an expert in Africa" -- nor in space. This led her to go about the story with caution.I always kept in my mind that I don't know a lot about African history and I am approaching a subject that can be sensitive or can be offensive for some people, says De Middel.So far she says her work has received a great response from people in Africa. She's been contacted by Nigeria's space program and been invited to the continent to give talks while her book is being shown in South Africa and Senegal.I would love to [take the exhibition to Lusaka as well], she says.If anything De Middel says the extraordinary tale of the forgotten Zambian space program presented a chance to talk about Africa from a different perspective.The only honest approach I could do to that story was documenting my cliché, and that's what I really wanted to do, because, in a way, I was raising awareness of the existence of that cliché and what we expect from Africa, she says.Read this: Zambia's amazing street acrobatsNot only because the story is positive, in terms of African people having dreams, but also evidencing what we expect from Africa in terms of aesthetics and behavior.Today nobody seems to know what happened to Nkoloso or his cast of wannabe space explorers. Yet Nkoloso's desire to dream the impossible has found a new alternative home inside De Middel's images striking a chord with captivated audiences around the world.He had a fascination for the universe that we all share, says De Middel. "Asking if we're alone looking at the stars making metaphysical questions. That is a universal feeling and it doesn't belong to the people who can actually have the technology to go to the moon; it's everywhere." (CNN) -- By now we're on the same page that Mitt Romney's pick of Paul Ryan as his running mate contradicts a golden oldie of presidential election strategy -- run to the conservative (or liberal) base to win the nomination and then reposition toward the center to lure the more moderate independent swing voters who are necessary to win the general election.Ryan may be many things -- energetic charismatic and geeky -- but no one familiar with his Full Monty conservative budgets would describe his selection as remotely moving to the center. Just the opposite -- Romney has doubled down on his move to the right during the primary battle.What gives? Did the looming prospect of defeat push Romney into a desperate gamble?Give Romney some credit. He's made a shrewd move.The Ryan choice adopts a strategy premised on supermobilizing the base and luring a smidgeon of others. Put on your thinking caps and grab an abacus here are the numbers that could put Romney in the White House.Conservatives outnumber liberals 2 to 1 (40% to 21%).Rage against Obama has the GOP ready to walk over red hot coals to cast a ballot. A mainstay of Gallup's measure for determining who is likely to vote -- whether survey respondents are thinking a lot about the election -- shows not only that Republicans are more attentive than Democrats by 13 points but also more fired up than in recent presidential elections.To make sure they harvest the Ryan enthusiasts the Romney campaign appears to be assembling an impressive operation to turn out the vote and to aggressively compete with the Obama team for the early vote.What makes the Romney mobilization particularly threatening to Obama is that it targets his biggest challenge -- polls consistently show him ahead but there are ominous signs that a decisive group of those supporters won't actually cast a ballot.Even with Obama's pro-immigration shift and the growing number of Latinos in competitive states their actual turnout may flag from their record numbers in 2008. Less than half of Hispanics eligible to vote are registering and only 64% of Hispanics say they will definitely vote as compared to their 77% response in 2008 and the national average of 78% today.Ditto on youth. The percentage of voters 18 to 29 who say they will definitely vote in November (58%) is currently running 20 points or more behind the national average today (78%) or the youth turnout in 2008 (78%) or 2004 (81%).Blue collar voters -- never drawn to Obama (think Hillary Clinton in 2008 Democratic primaries) -- may desert him in numbers that approach the "Reagan Democrat" defections in 1980. This possible weakness in the Democratic coalition coincides with a bit more slippage among Obama's 2008 supporters (9%) than among McCain voters who won't vote GOP in November (5%).Bottom line: By picking the bona fide conservative Ryan the Republican base is likely to deliver a rapturous response which may allow Romney to succeed in exploiting Obama's greatest weakness at this point.Before you conclude this is far-fetched think back to Karl Rove's strategy in 2004 to move right with strident social conservatism on abortion and same-sex marriage steep tax cuts and hawkish policies in Afghanistan and Iraq. Embracing the base and scorning the rush to the middle cost George W. Bush the independent vote. But Bush also supercharged conservatives and Republicans who turned out in droves. Refuting the conventional wisdom that Democrats do best in high-turnout elections it was Bush who most benefited from the 16% jump in the total vote.But -- there's always a but.Even as Ryan fires up conservatives he may also mobilize votes for Obama -- including senior citizens who reside in key swing states like Florida. Alarmed by his draconian proposals to remake Medicare they may boost their support of Obama.Another potential risk: A good number of voters may be primed to punish the incumbent for poor economic times. Pluralities of Ohio and Florida independents report that Obama's re-election would hurt their personal financial situation. But the coming hullabaloo over Ryan's budget proposals may distract the economically pained from punishing Obama.All in all Romney has a tough battle ahead -- even stringent counts of Electoral College votes based on polls show Obama within striking distance of winning. But using Ryan to ignite the Republican base is probably Romney's most plausible path to prevailing. And it may produce a campaign focused a bit more on policy than on birth certificates service records and the other side issues of recent elections. Strap in folks 2012 may be much more interesting and close than we'd imagined.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lawrence R. Jacobs. (CNN) -- An argument before the Supreme Court on October 1 in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum will have enormous significance. The case concerns the torture of Ogoni leaders in Nigeria but at stake is the future of the law under which this case was brought the Alien Tort Statute.The United States stands at a crossroads. At its best our nation has played a crucial role in championing human rights throughout the world and pioneering human rights law. At its worst it has abandoned its lofty ideals in the name of realpolitik and supported dictators and policies that were responsible for horrible abuses.Passed in 1789 the Alien Tort Statute was a prescient piece of legislation. It allows foreign victims of human rights abuses in foreign nations to seek civil remedies in U.S. courts and its animating idea -- that people anywhere should have recourse for violations of the "law of nations" -- was the foundation of our modern understanding of human rights.In the 1990s Royal Dutch Petroleum (Shell) had extensive oil drilling operations in the Niger Delta in Nigeria a region long plagued with poverty human rights violations and environmental disaster. A popular movement of the Ogoni people resisting what they saw as reckless oil development in the region was violently suppressed by Nigeria's military dictatorship.In the suit the plaintiffs accuse Royal Dutch Shell of helping the former dictatorship in the arrests on false charges and torture of 12 members of the Ogoni tribe who sought to peacefully disrupt Shell's operations because of the devastating health and environmental effects of unregulated drilling. All the plaintiffs were themselves tortured except Esther Kiobel who brought her claims on behalf of her late husband Barinem Kiobel. Kiobel was executed through a sham trial process in which the plaintiffs believe Shell played a central role.The Supreme Court court accepted Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum last fall after a federal appeals court ruled that the statute could not be used to sue corporations. The justices indicated in February that they might question not just the application of the statute to corporations but whether and under what circumstances it applies to any human rights violations even by individuals that take place outside the United States. They ordered the case to be re-argued on exactly that question.The case has been brought in the United States because of our nation's historical role in promoting the idea of universal rights and in the development of international human rights law.From Franklin D. Roosevelt's Four Freedoms speech and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that Eleanor Roosevelt tirelessly worked for to the stirring oratory of Robert Jackson at the Nuremberg Tribunal mid-century Americans gave voice and visibility to the idea that all people everywhere were entitled to certain fundamental rights. Since 1977 the State Department has annually produced Country Reports on Human Rights Practices.The international leadership of the past century is a long way from where we find ourselves now. Our own era is defined by a different legacy: one of waterboarding and "torture memos extraordinary renditions, indefinite detention at Guantánamo Bay and targeted killings in countries with which we are not at war. The United States is abandoning its role as the global champion of human rights Jimmy Carter wrote bluntly in The New York Times in June.

Hong Kong (CNN) -- Thousands of people filled Hong Kong's Victoria Park on Saturday to mark the 22nd anniversary of the bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in Tiananmen Square.The candlelight vigil comes after recent efforts by the Chinese government to quash would-be demonstrators from holding anti-government protests. About 26 people were arrested between February and March according to a Hong Kong-based human rights group when an anonymous group began an internet campaign calling for anti-government protests in China similar to ones that have taken hold in the Middle East.In response to the campaign authorities deployed heavy security along major thoroughfares especially in Wangfujing a busy shopping street in downtown Beijing that had been designated by the online group for protests. The government also tightened rules on foreign reporters explicitly warning them that they risk detention suspension of press cards and expulsion if they show up at planned demonstrations.20 years on: Tiananmen rememberedSaturday's protest is an annual event organized by the Hong Kong Alliance a pro-democracy group. Hong Kong police called it a "peaceful gathering."Images of the demonstration showed a sea of flickering candles covering the length of the park.A little more than 22 years ago students gathered in Tiananmen Square to memorialize the recently deceased Hu Yaobang. He was fired as Communist Party chief in 1987 by Deng Xiaoping for pushing policies deemed too soft toward "bourgeois-liberal ideas" and tolerating student protests.The April 15 memorial quickly turned into a pro-democracy movement and students held talks with the government and later a hunger strike in Tiananmen Square to press their cause. On June 4 1989 Chinese troops in armored personnel carriers and tanks rumbled toward Tiananmen Square. The soldiers on strict orders to clear the square of demonstrators had forced their way through the city's main thoroughfare.Along the way they met fierce resistance from students and city residents who barricaded the streets so they fired at them.When the firing stopped hundreds if not thousands of people lay maimed or dead.Relatives of victims renew their hopes every year that Beijing's leaders will reverse the verdict that the protests were a counter-revolutionary rebellion that had to be put down.CNN's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report. (CNN) -- As Barack Obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to ISIS his top diplomat is also trying to make sure America doesn't have to go it alone.U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is sweeping through the Middle East to try to convince regional leaders to back America's plan to beat back the terror group which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern Syria to central Iraq with alarming pace in recent months. So who's with them?. (CNN) -- South Korea launched an investigation Tuesday into reports of toxic chemicals being dumped at a former U.S. military base the Defense Ministry said.The tests follow allegations of American soldiers burying chemicals on Korean soil.The first tests are being carried out by a joint military government and civilian task force at the site of what was Camp Mercer west of Seoul.Soil and underground water will be taken in the areas where toxic chemicals were allegedly buried, said the statement from the South Korean Defense Ministry. Once testing is finished the government will decide on how to test more than 80 other sites -- all former bases.The alarm was raised this month when a U.S. veteran alleged barrels of the toxic herbicide Agent Orange were buried at an American base in South Korea in the late 1970s. Two of his fellow soldiers corroborated his story about Camp Carroll about 185 miles (300 kilometers) southeast of the capital Seoul.We've been working very closely with the Korean government since we had the initial claims, said Lt. Gen. John Johnson who is heading the Camp Carroll Task Force. "If we get evidence that there is a risk to health we are going to fix it."A joint U.S.- South Korean investigation is being conducted at Camp Carroll to test the validity of allegations.The U.S. military sprayed Agent Orange from planes onto jungles in Vietnam to kill vegetation in an effort to expose guerrilla fighters. Exposure to the chemical has been blamed for a wide variety of ailments including certain forms of cancer and nerve disorders. It has also been linked to birth defects according to the Department of Veterans Affairs.Journalist Yoonjung Seo contributed to this report. San Diego California (CNN) -- The "Dream 9 five women and four men, say that they are undocumented and unafraid."Don't believe it. I bet they were afraid. Who wouldn't have been?The nine -- Claudia Amaro Adriana Gil Diaz Luis Leon Lopez Maria Peniche-Vargas Ceferino Santiago LuLu Martinez Valdez Mario Felix-Garcia Marco Saavedra and Lizbeth Mateo-Jimenez -- spent more than two weeks in a federal immigration detention facility in Eloy AZ. Martinez Valdez and Peniche-Vargas--had been put in solitary confinement for what was supposed to be 15 days.All because they wouldn't take "go" for an answer. Some of these "Dreamers" had been deported to Mexico by the Obama administration though President Obama has repeatedly said that his administration is not looking to deport Dreamers--the name taken by young immigrants who are in the U.S. without papers. Three of them who were on this side of the border -- Saavedra Martinez Valdez and Mateo-Jimenez -- "self deported" to Mexico to join the other six.Then on July 22 all nine linked arms and marched across the border into the United States. The idea was to draw attention to the administration's repressive immigration policies. The nine asked for humanitarian parole. When that was denied they claimed asylum.Opinion: Let's deport Rep. Steve KingNow they have been set free. Earlier in the week federal officials found that all nine have "credible fear" of persecution or torture in their birth countries and thus cannot be removed without a hearing before an immigration judge. Pending those hearings the nine have now been released into the waiting arms of family members within the United States. It's a major victory for the Dreamer movement.For many this is a heartwarming story about the power of the individual who is brave enough to make a stand. For others it is major inconvenience. It's a story that the White House wishes would go away. Ditto for immigration reformers who are split between those who back the Dream 9 and those who want to sacrifice them for political expediency.David Leopold former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association callously dismissed the Dream 9 action as a "publicity stunt" and a distraction. He also said it was unlikely that the three Dreamers who voluntarily left the United States would qualify for asylum.So far Leopold has been spectacularly wrong. All nine will get asylum hearings.And the Dreamers got more warmth from Congress. Thirty-five lawmakers signed a letter asking Obama to use his discretion to release the young people from custody. The letter -- signed by Reps. Mike Honda D-California Raul Grijalva D-Arizona and Ruben Hinojosa D-Texas among others -- describes the activists as "victims of our broken immigration policy" who "deserve to come home to the United States."Immigration reformers were bound to lose confidence in this administration. A president can't deport nearly 2 million people in under five years split up hundreds of thousands of families detain thousands of undocumented children without giving them access to legal counsel and expand Arizona-style immigration enforcement nationwide through the maniacal program known as "Secure Communities" without raising a stink.For many what happened to the Dream 9 was the last straw.Searching for the American Dream in MexicoMartinez-Valdez and Peniche-Vargas were in solitary confinement because according to authorities they started a ruckus in the dining hall.Of course they did. Didn't Obama say that the Dreamers were Americans except for legal status? This is how Americans behave. We're ornery courageous and defiant. We yell "freedom" at the top of our lungs. These kids are Americans all right. The next thing you know a bunch of Dreamers will dump tea into Boston Harbor.Besides Obama made quite a show -- before the election -- of announcing that his administration was sparing Dreamers deportation by offering deferred action and temporary work permits. Nearly 300000 Dreamers have been awarded the special accommodation so far.There's not room for nine more? Some might not be eligible for deferred action some might be. Let's find out.Maybe there would be more compassion on the Potomac if these young people hadn't embarrassed Obama put the lie to the fairy tale that this administration has been compassionate toward immigrants divided self-serving organizations such as the lawyers group AILA and pitted one group of immigration reformers against another -- those who want to protect the Dreamers versus those who want to protect the president.I've had my differences with the Dreamer movement.I think that many of these young people have a sense of entitlement like most young people in the United States. I didn't think it was a good idea for Dreamer activists to disrupt congressional hearings on immigration reform or occupy the offices of reform advocates like Rep. Luis Gutierrez D-Illinois. And I think much of what drives Dreamer activists within the United States is a look-at-me narcissism fed by social media and a culture where young people are told they can become the next American Idol.Opinion: House knowledge economy needs immigrantsBut I never questioned their sincerity or dismissed anything they did as a stunt. I wouldn't presume to tell people who put their freedom at risk along the U.S.-Mexico border that the difficult decisions they're making are the wrong ones. And I certainly wouldn't do it to protect an administration that doesn't deserve protecting.The Dream 9 are back where they belong -- in the United States. But this story isn't over. The fault lines it exposed within the immigration reform movement remain.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette. (CNN)When photographer Fabio Bucciarelli first visited South Sudan he found a nation filled with hope. He found citizens worn out by decades of war -- but looking forward to an independent peaceful future.That was two years ago after the world's youngest country split from its northern nemesis Sudan.I remember the look on people's faces, Bucciarelli said. "Tired but happy hopeful for a better future after a past full of pain and war."His return in February was anything but.This time Bucciarelli found a nation on the brink of an abyss. Instead of jubilant faces of hope he saw defeated faces haunted by a return of ghosts of past wars.Months of ethnic violence had left thousands dead 1.5 million people displaced and a looming famine according to the United Nations.Bucciarelli found despair cramped in tent camps growing sexual violence and the recruitment of child soldiers.He described the violence in South Sudan as an "invisible" conflict.It represents one of the longest and most forgotten African wars, he said. "Its apparent stillness leads to hear about it less and less. Given the tragic consequences and repercussions on the population I find it essential to bring it to light."His goal he said is to tell the stories of people rendered powerless by wars provide objective images and shed light on human rights issues.It's hard to find front-line war photography of the kind we've seen in Libya or Syria, Bucciarelli said. "The images in South Sudan are different. They describe visually the effect of the impending war lending you a view of the civilian and military populations and providing a glimpse of life inside a murky not clearly defined conflict."The latest conflict erupted in December last year when President Salva Kiir accused his fired deputy Riek Machar of an attempted coup. Since then militia loyal to both have battled each other and targeted civilians from rival tribes.The conflict has wiped out entire neighborhoods and transformed into a full-blown war between two large tribes the Nuer and the Dinka. Machar belongs to the Nuer community while the President is a Dinka.Bucciarelli's pictures provide a rare window into a civilian population under siege.South Sudan's war represents one of the longest and most forgotten African conflicts, he said. "Its tragic consequences are quietly fading away from the headlines making these pictures even more crucial."Social mediaFollow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography.South Sudan split from Sudan in 2011 as part of a peace deal that ended decades of war in Africa's largest nation. That war left 2 million people dead and ended with the peace agreement that included an independence referendum for the south.The recent clashes have been a major setback for a country so desperate for a new start.Instead of relishing its independence residents of areas such as Bentiu Bor Nyang and Mingkaman are struggling to survive as communities turn against one another.Concerned neighboring nations have stepped in and urged warring parties to sign ceasefire deals but the weapons have not gone quiet.Frantic international pleas for peace have gone unheeded.Fabio Bucciarelli is an Italian photographer whose work focuses on conflict and war. You can follow him on Twitter. (CNN)  -- Space shuttle Discovery launched just before midnight Friday on a mission to the international space station.Space shuttle Discovery lifts off late Friday from Kennedy Space Center in a photo from iReporter Alan Walters.The crew of seven astronauts includes one from Mexico and another from Sweden. One of those seven Nicole Stott will remain on the station as a flight engineer while astronaut Timothy Kopra is to return home aboard the shuttle.Also on board: The Leonardo logistics module science experiments and the Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill (COLBERT) named for fake newsman Stephen Colbert of Comedy Central's "The Colbert Report."Colbert won an online poll conducted by NASA to name the newest space station compartment but Colbert and the space agency compromised to give the moniker to the treadmill. The new compartment was given the name Tranquility.NASA astronaut Cady Coleman said the treadmill is an essential addition to the space station.  Watch shuttle launch »We have the treadmill now to keep them healthy, which is really part of being able to come home in one piece. So it is an essential part, Coleman said. iReport.com: Discovery lights night skyDiscovery's liftoff originally set for Tuesday had been postponed three times -- first for bad weather and twice more while mission managers checked out indications of a faulty valve. (CNN) -- This past week saw severe weather in many parts of the world that took dozens of lives and left behind serious damage.Here's a look at some of the extreme weather stories covered by CNN's global affiliates including a typhoon in the Philippines and a tornado in New Zealand.Unlikely typhoon in the PhilippinesTyphoon Bopha devastated the Compostela Valley region in the southern Philippines early this week. At least 148 people have died and thousands of homes have been destroyed according to TV5. Typhoons are uncommon in the Bopha region. Watch the video above to see how the storm knocked down power lines.Tornado strikes near AucklandA tornado ripped through the outskirts of Auckland New Zealand's largest city killing three people and leaving more than 200 people injured according to TVNZ. About 150 homes were left without power.Flooding in Argentina's capitalHeavy rains in the Argentinian capital of Buenos Aires left two people dead forced evacuations and flooded nearly 9 million acres of farmland Canal 9 said. See some of the most serious flooding in the video above.Hard to see in Chinese provinceDense fog in the province of Sichuan caused heavy traffic and temporary highway closures in southwestern China. In some areas visibility was reduced to less than 200 meters. Check out the fog in the video above from CCTV.Poland's winter wonderlandSeven centimeters of snow fell in the city of Lublin on Monday. The snow brought with it temperatures of minus 1 degree Celsius (30 degrees Fahrenheit). In the nearby town of Bialystok nine cars collided causing one injury. See the snow in the video above courtesy of TVN. (CNN) -- The retrial of Egypt's former president Hosni Mubarak on charges of killing protesters during the country's 2011 revolution and profiteering resumed Saturday before being adjourned until next month.Mubarak was forced from office in February 2011 following two weeks of mass street protests.Following a lengthy trial he and his former interior minister Habib al-Adly were found guilty and sentenced to life in prison last year on charges that they were complicit in the protesters' killings.After appealing their convictions they were granted a new trial early this year.Six of Mubarak's former security aides last year were acquitted of charges related to the killings and Mubarak's two sons -- Gamal and Alaa -- were acquitted of corruption charges.But they too were ordered to be retried after President Mohamed Morsy himself ousted this week ordered a new investigation last year.Mubarak and the other defendants have pleaded not guilty to all charges.Mubarak was present in court Saturday for the fourth session of the retrial wearing his signature sunglasses. He made his first court appearance in May.The retrial has been adjourned until August 17 the prosecution said in a statement.A public prosecutor sent Mubarak -- who spent months detained in a military hospital -- back to prison in April.Mubarak's health has been a bone of contention during his trial and incarceration. He suffered a heart attack after relinquishing power and had maintained that he was physically unfit to stand trial.Mubarak has been held since his guilty verdict last year.He is also charged with seizing public funds and misusing political influence. He also faces a corruption charge that was not part of the original trial. Mubarak is accused of selling natural gas to neighboring Israel for prices below fair market value.The ousted autocratic leader spent three decades in charge of Egypt the most populous Arab country.Journalist Adam Makary contributed to this report. (InStyle.com) -- Singer Carrie Underwood dishes on dieting beauty and fashion.Carrie Underwood in a Michael Kors wool crêpe dress and Kenneth Jay Lane link bracelet.1. Always look the partMost of the time I slap on some makeup in the morning so I don't look bad if somebody snaps a picture. Somebody somewhere will catch you even if it's a fan at the grocery store. Very rarely do I go out without makeup.2. Keep a food diaryI'm OCD like that. I count calories fat and fiber--which is important in making you feel fuller faster--and protein especially when I'm working out.  Watch how Carrie handles romantic distress »3. Don't be a dairy queenCheese is ruining my life! I'm trying to talk myself into being lactose-intolerant. I mean it's basically moldy milk and it doesn't smell that great--but it's so good! Oh jeez I'm thinking about it now...4. Exercise your optionsAlways take an hour for yourself to go do something positive. I like the elliptical machine or swimming if I'm in a hotel with a decent pool and there aren't too many people there. I also do the treadmill free weights exercise ball. If it's a nice day outdoor activity is nice. I get a bike and ride around. Plus I get a decent cardio workout every night onstage.5. Don't break the bankI don't buy expensive jewelry and fur coats and Escalades. I've never bought a car in my life. The car I have a Ford Mustang convertible is the one I won on Idol--I guess I need to go buy a new car after all!6. Smell yummyI don't do smelly soaps or wear perfume so lotion is kind of my perfume. My favorite body lotion is Benefit's Maybe Baby. It's got a little shimmer in it. If I'm dressing up I might use perfume. I have a couple by Anna Sui. And Gwen Stefani's perfume [L] is good too.7. Be a girlie girlWith makeup I think it's important for girls to play. I mix a lot. I'll put on lip gloss and go "That needs to shimmer." So I'll put something shimmery on top. Then I want it a little pinker so I put pink on top. But it all comes together. I'm trying to lay off the black eyeliner though--I love it a little too much.8. Go with the flowI tend to go after bigger flowy tops or dresses. I know I'm doing myself a disservice but I'd rather put on a muumuu and have people at least think there might be a skinny person underneath than put on something tight and have them think Look at that gut!9. Laugh at yourselfUsually I come up through the floor to get to the stage. I can't stand up on the little platform or the audience will see me so I'm squatting down with my rear end pressed up against the back of it. I just laugh because the audience thinks this is so glamorous--and here I am under the stage with these ropes and equipment my butt pressed against plastic! E-mail to a friendGet a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE!Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved. The gunman who held hostages for more than 16 hours in a Sydney cafe was no stranger to police -- and was on bail for violent criminal offenses at the time of the siege.Man Haron Monis an Iranian-born refugee who was granted political asylum in Australia in 2001 had "a long history of violent crime infatuation with extremism and mental instability Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters.

The site describes Monis as a Muslim cleric and activist based in Sydney who has continuously been under attack & false accusation by the Australian government & media since he started his political letter campaign from 2007."There's a graphic photo of slain children at the top of the site. Under the image it reads "This is an evidence for the terrorism of America and its allies including Australia. The result of their airstrikes."A description on the site portrayed Monis as a victim of a political vendetta and compares him to Julian Assange the WikiLeaks founder who has claimed the sex crime allegations he faces are politically motivated.A YouTube video posted in November shows Monis standing on a street corner chains draped over him carrying a sign that says "I have been tortured in prison for my political letters."Police have refused to comment on that accusation.His last tweet linked to his website with a haunting message posted the day of his attack on the Sydney cafe: "If we stay silent towards the criminals we cannot have a peaceful society. The more you fight with crime the more peaceful you are."Conditsis  told Australian public broadcaster ABC that Monis was an isolated figure who was probably acting alone.Crisis in a cafeMonday's hostage situation began around 10 a.m. Hundreds of police officers including snipers took position around the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Sydney's central business district.Australian media captured haunting images of hostages pressing their hands against the cafe's windows. They were reportedly taking turns holding a black flag with Arabic writing on it that said "There is no God but God and Mohammed is the prophet of God."The man holding the hostages demanded to speak to Abbott. Police were monitoring social media because hostages appeared to be posting information about the man's demands.Hours into the crisis at least five hostages managed to escape running terrified toward police in riot gear. That made the hostage-taker furious reported Chris Reason a correspondent for CNN affiliate Seven Network. Reason said he could see the gunman become "extremely agitated" when he realized what had happened and he "started screaming orders" at the remaining hostages.Gunfire erupted early Tuesday as police stormed the cafe where the gunman had been holding hostages.Two hostages were killed during the standoff. Police later announced that the siege was over and that the lone gunman had been killed. (CNN) -- With the sweltering summer bidding adieu and pleasant autumn temperatures setting in now's the time to explore New Delhi.Travelers to the Indian capital may hesitate to try the city's famed street foods fearing the notorious "Delhi belly."But skip the street food scene and you miss an essential part of the Delhi experience.Here are seven street delicacies among Delhi's endless choices including a mix of vegetarian non-veg and dessert.Ram laddooDesperate for an energy boost after a tiring shopping session?A plate of ram laddoo is your fix.Ram laddoo ("laddoo" is a name for sweet flour balls) are savory deep-fried moong balls served with chili-coriander sauce and garnished with grated radish.Served in silver-colored throwaway plastic bowls one serving of six-to-seven balls is a great power snack or even lunch.Best to try it at the make-shift ram laddoo stalls sometimes on a bicycle that are strewn across town.If you aren't lucky enough to see one try it at Lajpat Nagar main market.ChaatSitting under a tiny tin-roofed shop in and downing deep-fried potato patties floating in a blend of yogurt spicy green and red sauces served in leaf bowls is a definitive Delhi experience that even hardcore locals can't get enough of.Chaat is a collective term used to describe savory street dishes in India especially these three: aloo tikki (described in the gallery above) dahi bhalla (cutlets of skinless black lentil-like gram submerged in yogurt) and papri chaat (a hybrid of aloo tikki and dahi bhalla with salty plain biscuits thrown in).Many Delhi chaat addicts flock to a narrow alley behind the Union Public Service Commission's office near Khan Market (Humayun Road Pandara Flats India Gate New Delhi India).Prabhu Chaat Bhandar's (Dholpur House Shahjahan Road Khan Market New Delhi; open daily 11 a.m.-9 p.m.) range of chaat options do the trick for a satisfying dinner.ParanthaLocated in a remote corner in old Delhi's Chandni Chowk area Paranthe Wali Gali (Lane of Paranthas) is home to some of Delhi's best-known parantha joints.The chapati's stouter fancier cousin parantha is a pan-fried flatbread generally stuffed with vegetables such as mashed potato grated cauliflower and radish.It's a popular breakfast item in Delhi's Punjabi households.Paranthe Wali Gali offers innovative parantha options.As you plonk down in one of the Gali's tiny crammed restaurants you'll find a number of delicious offerings: Indian rabri (sweet yogurt) parantha mirch (red pepper) parantha and lemon parantha (prepared from lemon zest and probably the best this street has to offer).SamosaSamosa is chaat's close competitor for the title of "Definitive Delhi Street food" title. (If there was such a thing.)It is to India perhaps what momo dumplings are to Tibet and bagels are to certain parts of the United States.As most people know samosas are deep-fried triangular pastry pockets packed with potato peas lentils and sometimes meat.Although they're often served as an appetizer at Indian restaurants around the world they can be paired with chaat for a full meal.Great places to try samosas in Delhi include Rewari Sweets (Sadar Bazar Gurgaon India; +91 124 232 1826; open daily 8 a.m.-8:30 p.m.) and Bengali Sweet House (27-33 Bengali Market Connaught Place New Delhi; +91 11 2331 9224; open daily 8 a.m.-11 p.m.).KebabsTraveling to Delhi and not trying the kebabs?Not done.A legacy left behind by the Mughals who invaded India in the 16th century the grilled meats served on skewers make the best on-the-go protein meals.You can typically choose among mutton or chicken kebabs.The Chandni Chowk and Hazrat Nizamuddin areas house some of the best kebab outlets in Delhi.If you aren't up for the large crowds in these bustling locations you can take refuge in the more accessible Qureshi's Corner in Greater Kailash II (8 Narmada Shopping Complex Alaknanda New Delhi; +91 11 2602 0563; open daily 7-11 p.m.).Chola bhaturaNo snack this chola bhatura is for people with huge appetites.Fluffy plain flour bread combined with a chickpea curry garnished with chopped onion and served with a tangy mango pickle chola bhatura is a Delhi meal staple.It works both as a lunch and dinner item.Baba Nagpal Corner in Lajpat Nagar is arguably the best chola bhatura area in New Delhi.But if you find yourself in Karol Bagh or Rajouri Garden you could hop into any of the numerous chola bhatura shops.Faluda kulfiAfter consuming mouth-burning delicacies it's kulfi time.Kulfi is India's local ice cream made with milk and a smattering of dried fruits.There are 57 varieties in all.The queen of them all is faluda kulfi (faluda is a popular rose milk flavor dessert drink with vermicelli noodles).The trusted Krishna Di Kulfi in Pandara Road Market serves kulfi with the heavenly faluda a beverage consisting of rose milk and vermicelli. (CNN) -- One of the most highly anticipated apps for Apple devices was made available on Wednesday. At least until it wasn't.Google announced a Gmail app for the iPhone iPad and iPod Touch that was designed to make it easier for the service's more than 190 million users to navigate their mail.We check email pretty much everywhere these days, Google content manager Matthew Izatt wrote on the Gmail blog. "And when we do we want easy access to our important messages so we can respond quickly and get back to life -- or slinging birds at thieving green pigs."Users of Apple's operating system could already access Gmail through a mobile site or set it up as their default e-mail account. But the new app promised a smoother experience with a host of new features. The tech blogosphere was delighted.Go get the iPhone app for Gmail! popular blogger Robert Scoble wrote on his Google+ page.Then a few minutes passed.UPDATE: DO NOT. The Gmail app is really a piece of crud, he wrote. "Not worth loading. Very disappointed."Google had obviously already noticed what Scoble did. Shortly after it was unveiled the app was pulled from the Apple Store.The iOS app we launched today contained a bug with notifications, Google posted on its Gmail Twitter account. "We have pulled the app to fix the problem. Sorry we messed up."Later a fuller explanation was added to the original blog post.Earlier today we launched a new Gmail app for iOS, Google posted. "Unfortunately it contained a bug which broke notifications and caused users to see an error message when first opening the app. We've removed the app while we correct the problem and we're working to bring you a new version soon. Everyone who's already installed the app can continue to use it."The app ... at least the fully working version of it ... will send push notifications and sound cues when new messages are received search your inbox for an e-mail autocomplete e-mail addresses and upload photos to messages.It will also feature the same Priority Inbox that Gmail's Web version has and add a new mobile interface that will allow users to navigate their inbox more quickly with touch controls.There was no word from Google Wednesday afternoon as to when the fixed app might be back up. Washington (CNN) -- A hearing continues Thursday to determine the future of John Hinckley Jr. who shot President Ronald Reagan and three others in March 1981.After an expected week and half of testimony a federal judge will consider whether Hinckley should eventually be released from a mental hospital where he has been a patient since his 1982 trial. The trial ended in a jury verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity.On Wednesday Hinckley's lawyers said he is not dangerous and should eventually be released. But prosecutors are fighting that saying Hinckley has been deceptive about his activities while on visits to his mother in Williamsburg Virginia.In opening statements prosecutor Sarah Chasson said Secret Service agents will testify they performed surveillance on Hinckley without his knowledge earlier this year when he was allowed what he was told was unsupervised free time in Williamsburg.On several occasions in July and September Hinckley was supposed to go to the movies or shopping but instead went to bookstores where he looked at books about Ronald Reagan and presidential assassins Chasson said. A requirement of Hinckley's current visitation program is that plans be laid out detailing what he will do when on his own and that medical staff and the Secret Service are informed.According to Chasson in the first instance in July Hinckley was supposed to go to the movie "Captain America." Later when he saw his "treatment team Hinckley not only maintained he had gone to the movie, but he enthusiastically recommended it.

Chasson also quoted from a 1987 diary entry by Hinckley in which he said psychiatry is a guessing game" and doctors "will never know the true John Hinckley."The hospital doesn't know what Mr. Hinckley is thinking, and he wants it that way, the prosecutor said.Hinckley's attorney Barry Levine said the issue is not whether Hinckley has sometimes been deceptive but whether he is dangerous.This man is not dangerous and the evidence shows he is not dangerous, Levine said. He added that Hinckley is "flawed" but is "fundamentally decent."Levine said that in the two and a half decades that Hinckley has been at St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington to undergo treatment and during his visits outside that facility there has "not been a single act of violence."Since 1999 Levine said Hinckley has been taking a drug called Risperdal. Medical websites describe Risperdal as an antipsychotic medication often used to treat bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.Dr. Tyler Jones director of psychiatry at St. Elizabeths testified Hinckley also started taking Zoloft in 2005 after complaining about anxiety.Jones said Hinckley had been diagnosed years ago as suffering from depression and from an unspecified psychotic disorder. But Jones said he's been in remission for both of those disorders for many years. He said Hinckley also suffers from narcissism which has improved but is still present. Jones said he has interviewed Hinckley but has not treated him.According to Jones Hinckley's treatment team was informed by the Secret Service that Hinckley had not told the truth about his activities during several visits. Jones said the medical staff discussed this issue with Hinckley who initially did not appear to view the issue as a big deal but later understood it was a serious issue.Although concerned Hinckley was not truthful about his activities Jones said "We didn't feel this constituted an increased risk." The staff decided to reduce Hinckley's Christmas visit to his mother from 10 days to five days and he will not be allowed to have any unaccompanied activities during that December stay. Jones said the staff had considered stronger action including the possibility of revoking Hinckley's privileges altogether.A September filing by prosecutors said Hinckley "continues to be deceptive regarding his relationships with and interest in women." According to the document in June of 2009 he went on the Internet to find photos of his female dentist. "When he was caught Hinckley claimed falsely that the dentist had invited him to view her personal photographs."Asked about the photographs of the dentist Jones said the photographs were of the woman graduating from dental school and were "not salacious."He said the hospital considers Hinckley "a low risk of violence to himself and others."Currently Hinckley is allowed to visit his mother 10 days a month. On July 29 St. Elizabeths Hospital filed a proposal to increase that. The first step would allow Hinckley to have two visits of 17 days. That would be followed by six visits of 24 days.According to the September government filing opposing the plan the hospital would then "be given the sole discretion to place Hinckley on convalescent leave in his mother's hometown."After the judge and all the lawyers were in place Hinckley now 56 entered the court wearing a brown sports jacket dark pants and a striped tie. He shook hands with all his lawyers and sat down. U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman greeted Hinckley and he replied saying "Good morning."Hinckley's defense team has listed him as a possible witness at the proceedings but has not revealed if he will definitely testify. Prosecutors want to cross-examine Hinckley and his defense lawyers oppose that.Mental health experts and Secret Service agents will testify along with Hinckley's brother and sister. Hinckley's mother is now 85 years old and is not a scheduled witness.It's not clear how quickly the judge might issue a ruling on the hospital's plan to gradually allow Hinckley greater freedom.On March 30 1981 Hinckley waited for President Reagan to leave a Washington Hotel after a speech. He opened fire and hit Reagan his press secretary James Brady Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy and Washington police officer Thomas Delahanty. All survived but Brady suffered a serious head wound that permanently affected his mobility and his speech.Hinckley who was 25 at the time of the shooting was enamored of actress Jodie Foster. He left a letter addressed to her in his Washington hotel room saying "Dear Jodie. There is a definite possibility I will be killed in my attempt to get Reagan." Atlanta (CNN) -- Republican presidential hopeful Herman Cain told supporters Saturday that he is suspending his presidential campaign which has become hobbled in recent weeks by allegations of sexual harassment and an Atlanta woman's claim that they carried on a 13-year affair.While he will still be able to raise and spend campaign funds because he did not officially drop out Cain's White House bid is effectively over.Cain said he came to the decision after assessing the impact that the allegations were having on his wife his family and his supporters.Cain and his wife Gloria held hands as they walked up to the podium where Cain made his remarks in Atlanta. The crowd chanted "Gloria! Gloria!" before the candidate spoke.Even as he stepped aside under the weight of the allegations that have dogged him Cain said that he was at "peace with my God" and "peace with my wife."He repeatedly called the allegations "false and untrue and added that the (media) spin hurts."I am not going to be silenced and I will not go away, Cain said announcing what he called his Plan B: A website TheCainSolutions.com through which he will continue to advocate for his platform.His catchy "9-9-9" economic plan is not going anywhere he said.Your support has been unwavering and undying, Cain told his supporters.He will endorse another of the Republican presidential hopefuls soon he said.Other candidates were quick to react.Herman Cain provided an important voice to this process, Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann said in a statement. "His ideas and energy generated tremendous enthusiasm for the conservative movement at a time it was so desperately needed to restore confidence in our country."Fellow Georgian Newt Gingrich said the "9-9-9" plan "got our country talking about the critical issue of how to reform our tax code and he elevated the dialogue of the Republican presidential primary in the process."Texas Gov. Rick Perry said he knew the Cains made a "difficult decision. He helped invigorate conservative voters and our nation with a discussion of major tax reform."Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman said Cain brought "a unique and valuable voice to the debate over how to reform our country's uncompetitive tax code and turn around the economy. I understand his decision and wish him and his family the best."Recently Cain acknowledged that Ginger White's allegations of an affair have led to a drop in campaign contributions and a Des Moines Register poll showed his support among likely Republican Iowa caucus-goers has fallen to 8% down from 23% in October. The poll has a sampling error of plus or minus 4.9 points the newspaper said.Respondents said they were most concerned that Cain does not understand important issues but said the allegations against him contribute to their concern the newspaper said.This week White told the news media that she and Cain engaged in an on-and-off affair for more than 13 years. She described the affair as "very casual."White issued a statement through her attorney after Cain's announcement Saturday.Ginger White respects Mr. Cain's decision regarding his campaign and indeed would have respected any decision he made, the statement said. "That being said she is disappointed that he has not apologized for the public statements he has made about her and other women who have spoken out."In a fund-raising letter Tuesday night Cain referred to White as "troubled."Two women -- Sharon Bialek and Karen Kraushaar -- previously accused Cain of sexually harassing them in the 1990s while he was head of the National Restaurant Association. Two other women also have said Cain sexually harassed them while they worked at the association but they have declined to be identified.Cain told the Union Leader in New Hampshire that he repeatedly gave White money to help her with "month-to-month bills and expenses." But he denied the relationship was sexual as White contends. He said the two were friends.I send checks to a lot of people; I help a lot of people, Cain told Fox News on Thursday. "That in itself is not proof. So the other allegation in terms of it being a 13-year physical relationship that is her words against my word."In the interview Cain said his wife knew nothing about White nor his financial support for her until the mother of two came forward last week.My wife now knows, he told the newspaper. "My wife and I have talked about it and I have explained it to her. My wife understands that I'm a soft-hearted giving person."Cain's announcement came a month before the Iowa caucuses the first formal test of the primary season scheduled for January 3.New Hampshire Republican officials who supported Cain began to survey their options Saturday with several state representatives saying their support could go to Gingrich or Ron Paul. Cain's most prominent supporter in the state former GOP state party chair Jack Kimball said he would wait to learn who Cain would endorse before making his own decision.Cain told staffers earlier this week he was reassessing his campaign in the wake of White's allegation of an affair and he acknowledged to reporters Wednesday that her account had led to a drop in contributions to his campaign.He said in the Thursday Union Leader interview that his wife's feelings as well as the reaction from supporters and donors would be important factors in deciding whether he will stay the race.Cain told the newspaper he would drop out of the race if his wife asked him to but quickly added that she wouldn't.Though Gloria Cain rarely makes public appearances or statements she told Fox News last month that she believed the sexual harassment allegations were "unfounded."CNN's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Four years ago Brandon Stanton became New York City's unofficial photo-chronicler. With his blog Humans of New York -- which has over eight million followers on social media -- he has captured the heart and soul of the city's multi-national inhabitants.His trademark -- the micro narratives that accompany each image -- has been imitated in the far reaches of the globe from Sydney to Khartoum.Last month he turned his lens and poignant interview style to the world at large. In partnership with the United Nations he is touring roughly a dozen countries in a bid to raise awareness for the peacekeeping organization's Millennium Development Goals. His first stop: Iraq and Jordan.'My eyes were opened'Though his trip was "months in the works Stanton didn't anticipate that his arrival in Erbil, Iraq would coincide with that of ISIS. The first people he questioned were Yazidi refugees who had only freshly fled their homes, their families, their lives as a whole.

I felt I couldn't ask them beyond their present circumstances because their lives were absolutely consumed by those circumstances."'Pack a bag and get ready to run'The day Stanton landed in Iraq ISIS captured the Mosul Dam. The day he left the United States started air strikes. His time there he admits was often terrifying.When I was in Dohuk, there was a moment I got a call in the middle of the night from UNICEF telling to pack a bag and get ready to run, because ISIS was shelling the town and had broken through the lines, he recalls.It was an abundance of caution it turned out, but it was a sleepless night.It was one of many moments he admits when he appreciated what it means to feel secure.I went to this place where all people wanted was a bit of security: to send their kids to school, to start a business, to get married and live a normal life. And I realized that in the absence of physical security, no other layers of life can really be experienced, he says.That constant uncertainty seeps into your psyche in a way that you can't really pinpoint until you go back to a place that is secure.For Stanton that place was Jordan.I really noticed when I landed in Jordan, where the infrastructures was in place and there was no imminent threat, that there was a load lifted from my psyche, he says.The stories he heard were different as well. The tenor though often still heart-breaking (he visited Zaatari Refugee Camp that houses around 80000 Syrians) demonstrated a lighter side of the human character. In the absence of immediate danger there was hope.The other thing this trip has made me realize is the depth of ambition, particularly in underdeveloped countries, he says.Everybody I talked to had such big dreams, and often such limited opportunities with which to achieve those dreams. (CNN) -- A new CNN poll confirms that we're witnessing a quiet reversal in the character of our two major parties.Traditionally Republicans have always coalesced around the conventional wisdom front-runner for president. Conservatives respect structure order and party brand names. Not for nothing was the name Nixon Bush or Dole on the GOP presidential ticket from 1952 to 2004.In contrast Democrats have favored the presidential candidate with the hot hand rising from obscurity to the White House -- think Jimmy Carter Bill Clinton and Barack Obama.But a fresh-out-of-the-oven CNN presidential poll shows a fractured GOP field of newcomers with no clear front-runner while the Democrats have given an unprecedented lead to a brand name of their own: Hillary Clinton.Opinion: GOP strategy on shutdown courts doomYes it is pathetically early to be projecting on the 2016 presidential campaign. Predictive capacity hovers somewhere near zero and time fixated on polls would be productively used thinking about the 2014 midterms or the fights over the debt ceiling looming over our divided dysfunctional Congress.But as a snapshot of the underlying dynamics driving the two parties this new poll is worth a look.On the GOP side of the aisle New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie narrowly leads the fractured field at 17% one point above Rep. Paul Ryan best known as Mitt Romney's vice presidential running mate. In the old days the previous vice presidential nominee would be the future favorite. But that doesn't seem to be the case for Ryan who emerged from the 2012 presidential race arguably damaged by his association with the Romney campaign.Traditionally the governor of blue state New Jersey wouldn't be on the GOP radar at all but Christie -- cruising to a landslide re-election -- seems to be the exception to this and other rules.Next on the list is Rand Paul the scion of an outsider libertarian movement sparked by his dad's multiple runs for president. But the compelling and controversial one-time eye doctor is a first-term senator from Kentucky far from your typical presidential timber.Perhaps most interesting is the second tier of GOP candidates. Jeb Bush seems settled in at 10% despite brand name and legendary brand loyalty. Two Hispanic senate Republicans Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz come in next at 9% and 7% respectively. And then at the bottom of the barrel come two 2012 aspirants: Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum.Far from being strengthened by their 2012 campaigns these two candidates seem weakened by the experience. Rick Perry's "oops" heard round the world still resonates while Santorum's strident social conservatism doesn't seem to be taken seriously by 95% of the party faithful. Strange days.Obama pressures conservative Republicans over possible shutdownThe real news is on the Democratic side. Hillary Clinton has accumulated a towering 55 percentage point lead over her next closest competitor Vice President Joe Biden who is at 10% and doesn't exactly lack name recognition.Below Biden are first-term Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren at 7% New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo at 6% and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley -- perhaps the most openly ambitious of the bunch -- at 2%.Clinton's dominance illustrates an interesting dynamic. Six years ago she was a far more polarizing figure among Democrats (and independents). Today after her service as secretary of state she seems more qualified and less polarizing transcending her association with the culture of wars concurrent with Bubba's two terms in office.Tough and experienced Clinton is now positioned as a candidate who rivals Obama's 2007 surge. She will also be positioned as the candidate of the 51% compelling to women of all ages and even possibly competitive among Republican women in this incarnation.Uncle Joe Biden is well liked by the rank and file but there doesn't seem to be much of a stampede to put him on the top of the ticket. Warren's strength comes from fascination with the new and represents the growing strength of the liberal base in the party. And while successful governors like Cuomo and O'Malley have earned the right to be taken seriously as presidential candidates the party faithful don't seem to be much interested in buying what they are selling at the moment.If Clinton does not run for some reason Democrats will quickly wake up to the awkward fact that they have almost no depth of the bench after two Obama terms.So there you have it: Democrats are behaving like Republicans falling in line behind the big brand name dominating a race that is still three years away. And Republicans are behaving like Democrats putting forward a fractured field with no clear front-runners but elevating a New Jersey governor a Wisconsin congressman and a Kentucky senator to the front of the pack.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon. (Tribune Media Services) -- When Eileen Mather lands in Mexico City on her way to Tapachula Mexico she learns her airline ticket isn't valid. Her airline forces her to buy a new one. Mather asks her online agency Cheapoair.com for a refund but more than six months later she's still out $879. Is she also out of options?Q: I need your help getting my money back for a plane ticket I had to pay for twice.Here's my story: I bought tickets online through Cheapoair.com from Philadelphia to Tapachula Mexico. When we arrived in Mexico City Aviacsa Airlines representatives told us that Cheapoair hadn't paid for the last leg of our trip. So I had to buy new tickets. Two members of our group also had to pay again.After I returned home I faxed all of my documents to a supervisor at Cheapoair. That was six months ago. I've called her repeatedly and left messages but no one has contacted me and I'm out $879. Is there anything you can do?-- Eileen Mather Glenside PennsylvaniaA: You shouldn't have to pay twice for your airline tickets. But you also shouldn't be too quick to blame Cheapoair for the mix-up.A lot can go wrong when you're dealing with a flight schedule that involves multiple carriers. Reservations can be lost paper tickets and boarding passes can be misread. And of course there's the language issue. When you're traveling internationally something can easily get lost in the translation.Cheapoair may -- or may not -- have been responsible for your non-working tickets. But as your online travel agent it was responsible for helping you fix it. That's why you buy from an intermediary and pay a booking fee: so there's someone to turn to when something goes wrong.The online agency shouldn't have kept you in a holding pattern for more than six months. Cheapoair's "Golden Guarantee" promises "to provide all our customers with 24/7 toll-free number support because we understand the importance of critical last-minute client/traveler needs and requirements for changes to trips." I guess offering a toll-free number around the clock doesn't necessarily mean your questions will be answered quickly but you can't blame me if I'm left with that impression.You could have avoided a lengthy dance with Cheapoair by taking this up with Aviacsa either when you were flying to Tapachula or returning home. If you had arrived at the airport a half-hour earlier you might have been able to speak with a supervisor and straightened this out. Once you were home and were running into a brick wall with Cheapoair's supervisor I would have tried knocking on the front door again.Normally starting a new query through an online form means your complaint will get reviewed again and may be assigned a new case number. A phone call doesn't work the same way. After you hang up your case is basically closed.I contacted Cheapoair on your behalf. It apologized for the delay and said it contacted Aviasca but couldn't determine why your ticket wasn't accepted. An airline representative told Cheapoair it would have to speak to the agent who was working at the ticket counter when you checked in which was impossible.Cheapoair refunded the $879 you spent on your second ticket.Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine. E-mail him at celliott@ngs.org.Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES INC. (CNN) -- Even during the harshest periods of the communist era being Shanghainese had a special cachet in China.The city and its residents were a synonym for Western fashion and open-minded attitudes as different as could be from their Mao-pin wearing comrades.Its personality remains just as strong today.Shanghai is an unusual place. It's Chinese but not entirely; its hybrid of Eastern and Western business and social traditions is found nowhere else in mainland China.Here are the things that make China's booming commercial hub a unique place in the world's most populous country.The BundA number of pockets in China have impressive Western buildings -- the German Quarter in Qingdao Russian buildings in Harbin -- but none provide the surreal feeling of "elsewhereness" like the Bund.The Bund refers to Shanghai's waterfront on the west bank of Huangpu River.Two dozen colossal Western structures ranging in style from art deco to Victorian Gothic stand side by side forming a massive marble curtain.View it from afar and you'd think you were sailing into Liverpool. The 1500-meter-long strip is a legacy passed down by one of the city's former rulers Great Britain.It was largely built in the late-19th and early-20th centuries to establish Shanghai as the British Empire's trading hub of the Far East.The most magnificent building is today's number 10-12 the former HSBC building. When completed in 1923 the seven-story neoclassical landmark was dubbed "the most luxurious building from the Suez Canal to the Bering Strait."The building's original ceiling mural managed to survive the Cultural Revolution; the octagonal mosaic painting is one of the best-kept secrets in Shanghai. It's now in the lobby of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank the building's current occupier.With the financial center's move to the east bank of Huangpu River the old Bund has become a new home for world-class hotels restaurants and retailers.SkyscrapersAccording to Emporis a global real estate data provider based in Germany Shanghai ranks sixth among world cities with the most skyscrapers.There are 241 skyscrapers in Shanghai eight fewer than Dubai 14 more than in Seoul and 103 more than the second mainland city on the list Guangzhou.Although towering blocks mushroom throughout the metropolis the skyscraper center point is the Lujiazui Financial District.On the opposite side of the traditional Bund Lujiazui appears so futuristic that it's become a Hollywood favorite as a setting for films most recently featured in "Her" with Joaquin Phoenix.Lujiazui is home to the most recognized high-rises in China including the 468-meter Oriental Pearl TV Tower the 421-meter Jinmao Tower and the 492-meter Shanghai World Financial Center. Since 1994 each of them has had a turn as the tallest structure in China.Next in line is the 632-meter Shanghai Tower. Scheduled to open in 2015 the 121-story building is set to host what it claims will be world's tallest luxury hotel J hotel.The 258-room hotel -- a joint venture between Shanghai Jinjiang Hotel Group and Interstate Hotels and Resorts -- will occupy the 84th through 110th floors of the Shanghai Tower.International events and entertainmentWhen international events set up in China Shanghai is as often as not the default host city. Large-scale events in Beijing tend to carry political messages while those in Shanghai focus more on fun and glamor.The Chinese Formula One Grand Prix is one of the biggest annual events in Shanghai. It's the only Formula One stop in mainland China.The Shanghai Masters (October 4-12) tennis championship is attended by the highest-ranking players of the year. The week-long event is part of the ATP World Tour Masters 1000.Shanghai is also building a Disneyland. Set to open toward the end of 2015 Shanghai Disneyland will be the first Disney theme park in mainland China (Hong Kong Disneyland opened in 2005) and the sixth in the world.The $5.5-billion investment will further promote Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck in the realm of the Monkey King.International foodHigh-quality international restaurants are springing up in Shanghai so quickly that it's hard to keep track of them all.New kitchens often set up on the Bund around Xintiandi and in the former French Concession as rivals to the established fine-dining scene in Beijing.But look beyond the glitzy restaurant menus and into the homes of private residents and you'll see a tradition of international cuisine found nowhere else in China.The city's British rulers and Russian refugees may be long gone but their food has remained.Worcestershire sauce that classic condiment from the United Kingdom has a brother some 9000 kilometers from home. Known locally as "spicy soy sauce Shanghainese Worcestershire sauce was first produced in 1930 to cater to the large expat market.

A spring lock is called si ba lin." Cement is "si men ting." In Shanghainese "on sale" can refer to a "cheap" person.Shanghai dialect is incomprehensible to a typical Mandarin speaker whose language is largely based on pronunciation and vocabulary from northern China.ShikumenShikumen is Shanghai's indigenous alleyway housing.Series of stone buildings were built in the 1870s as a way to accommodate the city's rapidly growing immigrant families.When the Communist Party took over in 1949 shikumen architecture was at its height -- there were around 200000 shikumen buildings throughout central Shanghai each divided into tenements to house five or even ten families.As modern high-rises in Shanghai have grabbed international attention however these local architectural treasures have been ignored or even shoved aside. Since the 1990s shikumen buildings have been getting pulled down more quickly than the skyscrapers rise.But you can still find them in a few corners.In Xintiandi high-end restaurants pubs and clubs have taken over the revamped old buildings. Tianzifang is a more Bohemian area. In its labyrinth of alleyways indie designers hang up cocktail dresses next to self-employed vendors selling replica communist souvenirs in the courtyard.For more authentic shikumen neighborhoods CitÃ© Bourgogne on Shaanxi Nan Lu and Jing'an Villa on Nanjing Xi Lu are throwbacks to a uniquely Shanghai experience that's rapidly disappearing.Now based in London Tracy You is a native and longtime resident of Shanghai and a former CNN travel producer. HARARE Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Zimbabwean lawmakers on Monday narrowly voted for Lovemore Moyo as speaker of the parliament -- making him the first opposition lawmaker to hold the position in the country's history.Morgan Tsvangirai's MDC faction has a slim majority following parliamentary elections.This is historic as it ceases to be a rubber-stamping house, Moyo said after winning the position. "It will ensure that progressive laws are passed. I promise to be professional."Moyo -- the national chairman of the main Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) party -- received 110 votes while his only opponent Paul Themba-Nyathi received 98 votes. The speaker of the parliament is the fourth most powerful post in Zimbabwe.Themba-Nyathi represented the splinter MDC faction led by Arthur Mutambara but he had support of President Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party.The vote took place hours after Mugabe swore in lawmakers five months after they were elected.Two members of the main MDC -- led by presidential candidate Morgan Tsvangirai -- were arrested as they arrived at the opening session but they were released after a short time according to a government spokesman.An MDC official said the arrests were part of the "sinister agenda of this regime" to "tilt the balance of numbers in their favour during the voting for the speaker of parliament."One of those detained -- Shuwa Mudiwa -- appeared back in parliament but the other member -- Elia Jembere -- was not seen according to sources.Government spokesman Bright Matonga said Jembere had been accused of rape but that he has been released from custody.A third member -- Elton Mangoma -- escaped an arrest attempt when other party members came to his rescue MDC officials said.Attendance at the session of parliament is important since the membership is closely divided between the MDC and the Mugabe's ZANU-PF.The ruling ZANU-PF party lost its majority in the 210-seat parliament in elections in March but vote recounts and political violence have delayed the body from convening until now.Final results gave 100 seats to an MDC faction led by Morgan Tsvangirai the party's presidential candidate. President Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF got 99 seats. An offshoot of the main MDC party led by Arthur Mutambara won 10 seats. An independent candidate won one seat.Tsvangirai who was locked in a bitter presidential contest with Mugabe had objected to Mugabe's decision to convene parliament saying it could "decapitate" power-sharing talks that have been on hold for the past two weeks.Still Tsvangirai said he would attend the swearing-in ceremony.MDC party spokesman Nelson Chamisa said all MDC members elected to parliament were expected to attend "except those few MPs who are still in hiding."CNN's Nkepile Mabuse in Johannesburg South Africa contributed to this report. During 15 years of talking to high school students about sex and bullying Laurie Halse Anderson has continued to get the same questions from boys: Why was the main character in her book "Speak so upset about what happened to her? Didn't she want the attention of one of the popular boys? And why was the impact so traumatic?

Anderson, who published the award-winning novel in 1999, believes the questions come from an honest place. They're teen boys, after all, growing up in a society where media and pop culture tell them women are created for sexual gratification.

They're not used to reading novels that feature characters like Melinda Sordino, a teen who is raped by a classmate at a house party. As her classmates and neighbors go to great lengths to protect her attacker, Melinda plunges into near-silence, refusing to say what happened while still feeling ostracized by her classmates.

Fifteen years after its publication, society has shed some of the stigma associated with sexual violence, but the conflict at the heart of Speak" still shows up in headlines from Steubenville Ohio to Maryville Missouri.And yet many parents still struggle to find the words or the courage to talk to teens about sex and intimacy Anderson said. As a mother who raised four girls Anderson knows that parents today are navigating uncharted territory when it comes to adolescent sexuality and they're doing it earlier than parents in other generations.Talking to teens about sexuality intimacy and consent is urgent she said.We've fallen down on our responsibility to our children by somehow creating this world where they're surrounded by images of sexuality; and yet, we as adults struggle to talk to kids honestly about sex, the rules of dignity and consent, she said.So many teens out there are operating in a vacuum, they're operating in adult situations without any adult support or advice.For the 15th anniversary of "Speak Anderson is lending her support  to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, a resource for survivors of sexual violence. Macmillan, the publisher of Speak is matching donations to the organization in April, which is Sexual Assault Awareness Month.

Anderson said she wrote Speak" based on her own experience of being raped as a teen. She struggled for years to find the words or the courage to express what she'd gone through.Much has changed since then she said and "Speak" has become required reading in some schools across the country.Scores of students still describe the same struggles to Anderson and she often directs them to the RAINN hot line she said. Over the years more resources have emerged for survivors of sexual violence especially online. Today if you're a victim of any crime including sexual violence you can go online and "find someone who's walked in your shoes who can help you make sense of what happened she said.

I do see reduction of shame which is very good. We still have a long way to go yet.That's the reason many victims don't come forward. That feeling is understandable but it's why we still need to do more to reduce the stigma around rape she said.

While the Internet brings people together and creates supportive communities, it has also become the source of damaging images and intense bullying, she said.

We as a culture are still figuring out how to teach our children the awesome parts of the Internet and cell phones and new media but we also have to figure out how to keep them safe she said.

Although many students first encountered Speak" in high schools it's now being taught in middle schools Anderson said. She thinks it's an acknowledgment that sex education needs to start earlier if we want to help teens feel comfortable talking openly about sex and what feels right and wrong.She believes parents can be more involved too; just take a deep breath and commit to talking about sex and what constitutes consent she said.Because boys and girls can be victims of rape, we need to try to teach them to make decisions about life that keep them safe, sober and with people they can trust, and make sure people who might be inclined to rape -- who think they can get away with it -- know they can't get away from it.

It used to be that we teach girls not to be raped but we need to start teaching boys not to be rapists and that's a really hard thing for parents of boys to process she said. No one wants to think of their sons as rapists.We are a culture who is right now in 2014 finally having the conversation that it actually doesn't matter what a woman is wearing, you're not supposed to rape her. I think we're all trying to find the right language surrounding sexual assault. I'm optimistic  that we're heading in a better direction as a culture.The term "young adult lit" was hardly in use when Anderson wrote "Speak." She didn't set out to be a public touchstone in the genre she said.A teacher who uses "Speak" in her classroom told Anderson that she calls it "resilience literature a term Anderson said she is proud of.

Speak" is about teen rape the pressures of high school and the insularity of small-town life but most importantly it's about overcoming stigma Anderson said.That can be the most painstaking aspect of being a teen, figuring out what the world really looks like, she said. "If you find someone in a book you know you're not alone and that's what's so comforting about books." LOS ANGELES California (CNN) -- Former detainees of Immigration and Customs Enforcement accuse the agency in a lawsuit of forcibly injecting them with psychotropic drugs while trying to shuttle them out of the country during their deportation.Raymond Soeoth pictured here with his wife says he was injected with drugs by ICE agents against his will.One of the drugs in question is the potent anti-psychotic drug Haldol which is often used to treat schizophrenia or other mental illnesses. Doctors say they are required to see patients in person before such drugs are administered.Two immigrants Raymond Soeoth of Indonesia and Amadou Diouf of Senegal in West Africa told CNN they were injected with the drugs against their will.Both are plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union against the government. They are seeking an end to the alleged practice and unspecified damages.  Watch why the former detainees claim abuse »Dr. Paul Appelbaum a professor of psychiatry law and ethics at Columbia University reviewed both men's medical records for this report and was stunned by what he discovered.I'm really shocked to find out that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications in this way, said Appelbaum who also serves as a member of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law.That is the sort of thing that would be subject to a malpractice claim in the civilian world.The allegations of ICE forcibly drugging deportees were raised last month by Sen. Joe Lieberman I-Connecticut during the re-nomination hearing of ICE chief Julie Myers.The information the committee has received from ICE regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling, particularly since it appears ICE may have violated its own detention standards, Lieberman spokeswoman Leslie Phillips told CNN in an e-mail.Senator Lieberman intends to follow up with ICE to ensure that detainees are not drugged unless there is a medical reason to do so.ACLU attorney Ahilan Arulanantham who is representing Soeoth and Diouf said "It would be torture to give a powerful anti-psychotic drug to somebody who isn't even mentally ill. ... But here it's happening on U.S. soil to an immigrant the government is trying to deport."Responding to Lieberman's written questions Myers said 1073 immigration detainees had "medical escorts" for deportation since 2003.From October last year to the end of April this year she said 56 received psychotropic medications during the removal process. Of those 33 detainees received medication "because of combative behavior with the imminent risk of danger to others and/or self she said.

First I am aware of and deeply concerned about reports that past practices may not have conformed to ICE detention standards Myers said.

She added no detainee should be involuntarily medicated without court order except in emergency situations.

But both Soeoth and Diouf say they had not exhibited any combative behavior.

Soeoth, a Christian minister from Indonesia, spent 27 months in detention awaiting deportation after his bid for political asylum was rejected. Hours before he was to be sent back home on December 7, 2004, he says guards injected him with a mystery drug that made him groggy for two days. See the document that shows Soeoth was injected

They pushed me on the bench they opened my pants and they just give me injection he said through broken English.

He says he was taken to Los Angeles International Airport while in this drug-induced stupor, but two hours before takeoff, airline security refused to transport him, so ICE agents returned him to his cell at Terminal Island near Los Angeles. Terminal Island, once a federal prison, is a crowded facility along the ocean where hundreds of illegal immigrants await deportation.

Soeoth's medical records indicate he was injected with Cogentin and Haldol, even though those same records show he has no history of mental illness.

In the records, the government says he was injected with the drug after he said he would kill himself if deported -- a remark Soeoth denies ever making.

ICE said in a written statement it couldn't respond to specific allegations due to pending litigation.

Department of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel may not and do not prescribe or administer medication to detainees the ICE statement said. Only trained and qualified medical professionals including officers of the U.S. Public Health Service may prescribe or administer medication."But Diouf says he was injected on the plane right before he was to be deported. He said he even had a federal stay of his deportation -- and the paperwork to prove it -- but his U.S. government escorts wouldn't let him show it to the pilot of the plane preparing to fly him out of the country. See Diouf's stay of deportation documentThat's when he says "I was wrestled to the ground and injected through my clothes."A government report says he was medicated because he did not follow orders.In both cases Diouf and Soeoth remain in the United States pending a decision in the case. If they lose they may land back in the hands of ICE once again facing deportation.Soeoth says he's traumatized by what happened. "I know this country [is] very generous to immigrants he says. What they did to me was very very bad." E-mail to a friendCNN's Wayne Drash Traci Tamura and Gregg Cane contributed to this report. (CNN) -- A memorial cruise is scheduled to set sail 100 years after the sinking of the Titanic following the same trans-Atlantic route as the ill-fated ship according to organizers.A list of first class passengers for the R.M.S. Titanic is one of the artifacts that remains after the sinking.The Titanic Memorial Cruise is to set sail in April 2012 departing from Southampton England on April 8 just as the Titanic did.On April 15 the ship -- the Balmoral -- will arrive at the spot in the North Atlantic where the Titanic sank after it collided with an iceberg.Passengers on the 2012 cruise will take part in a memorial service at the site according to organizer Miles Morgan Travel.Artifacts from the Titanic and a piece of the ship's hull have been recovered but most of the wreckage remains where the luxury cruise liner sank.The 12-night memorial cruise will then take passengers to Halifax in Nova Scotia Canada so they can visit cemeteries where some of the Titanic victims are buried. The trip will end in New York where the Titanic was headed. Prices for the trip start at $3900.Millvina Dean thought to be the last survivor of the Titanic died in June 2009 at age 97 according to friends.Dean was an infant when the Titanic -- publicized as "practically unsinkable" and as the largest passenger steamship at the time -- struck an iceberg on the night of April 14 1912 during its maiden voyage from Southampton in southern England to New York. The ship sank less than three hours later killing more than 1500 people.Dean's brother and mother also survived the sinking. Big Bang Theory fans can breathe a sigh of relief.According to Deadline the stars of the hit CBS series have agreed to hefty pay increases for the new season. Quoting unnamed sources the publication reports that Jim Parsons Johnny Galecki and Kaley Cuoco have secured three-year deals for "$1 million per episode for the 72 episodes the show is slated to produce in Seasons 8-10."According to reports the trio will also have an increased stake in the show's backend profits.It's been said that the trio previously received more than $300000 per episode.The Hollywood Reporter confirmed the deal in its story and said co-stars Kunal Nayyar  and Simon Helberg were still in negotiations but expected to sign a deal soon.Warner Bros. Television told CNN that "we aren't commenting on the speculation at this time." Earlier the company confirmed that "ongoing contract negotiations" had caused production on "The Big Bang Theory's" eighth season to be postponed.Production had been scheduled to begin July 30 and on  Tuesday the company released a statement saying "Production on season 8 of 'The Big Bang Theory' will begin Wednesday August 6 with contract negotiations now having been concluded."Warner Bros. is owned by CNN's parent company.The new deals would put Parsons Galecki and Cuoco in the same territory as the former cast of "Friends who also negotiated for pay raises at the height of their show's popularity.

GENEVA Switzerland (CNN) -- The number of confirmed swine flu cases across the globe kept rising Friday but some signs of hope emerged in the battle against the worldwide outbreak.Tourists sunbathe wearing surgical masks in the popular Mexican resort of Acapulco.The World Health Organization said Friday that the number of confirmed cases stood at 367 worldwide including 141 in the United States and 156 in Mexico. Thirteen countries have confirmed cases the organization said.Meanwhile researchers worked to develop a vaccine for swine flu which is also known as 2009 H1N1.The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention hopes to have a vaccine to manufacturers within a month said Michael Shaw lab team leader for the H1N1 response at the CDC.We're doing the best we can as fast as we can, he said.Yet it would take four to six months from the time the appropriate strain is identified before the first doses become available said Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny WHO director of the Initiative for Vaccine Research.Of course we would like to have a vaccine tomorrow. We would have wanted to have it yesterday, she said. "It's a long journey."She said there is "no doubt" that a vaccine can be made "in a relatively short period of time."The steps involved in producing a vaccine involve isolating a strain of the virus which has already been done and tweaking it so manufacturers can make a vaccine Kieny said.The tweaked virus will be shipped to manufacturers who will fine-tune it. Then come more tests before national regulatory agencies decide whether to approve a vaccine.As researchers work at least one politician at the epicenter of the outbreak expressed optimism Friday.Authorities in Mexico are "beginning to see evidence that the [virus] might be letting up and the number of people who have been hospitalized has leveled out in regards to people who are contagious at least as of yesterday Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard told reporters.  Watch how Mexican authorities are dealing with the outbreak »

We do have a problem but I say this so that we know where we are as a city after we have done all we have done and in what direction we are heading and how much we have progressed. And what I can say is that we are heading in the right direction."The WHO said Mexico has 156 confirmed cases and nine deaths. Mexican authorities say they have confirmed 16 deaths and at least 358 cases and they suspect more than 150 deaths may have been caused by the flu.  Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta demystify pandemics »The CDC gave the following state-by-state breakdown of the 141 confirmed H1N1 cases in the United States: Arizona 4; California 13; Colorado 2; Delaware 4; Illinois 3; Indiana 3; Kansas 2; Kentucky 1; Massachusetts 2; Michigan 2; Minnesota 1; Nebraska 1; Nevada 1; New Jersey 5; New York 50; Ohio 1; South Carolina 16; Texas 28; and Virginia 2.  See where cases have been confirmed »One death in the United States has been attributed to swine flu -- a toddler from Mexico whose family brought him to Texas for medical treatment.In a Cabinet meeting President Obama on Friday praised the "extraordinary" government response to the virus but emphasized that "we also need to prepare for the long term."Since we know that these kinds of threats can emerge at any moment, even if it turns out that the H1N1 is relatively mild on the front end, it could come back in a more virulent form during the actual flu season, and that's why we are investing in our public health infrastructure.  Go behind the scenes at the CDC »He said there are indications from Mexico that "relatively young healthy people" have died rather than people whose immune systems are compromised and "that's why we're taking it seriously."So I just want everybody to be clear that this is why this is a cause for concern, but not alarm. We are essentially ensuring that, in the worst-case scenario, we can manage this appropriately, government working with businesses and individuals, the private sector, and containing an outbreak, and that we can, ultimately, get through this.In addition to the confirmed H1N1 cases in Mexico and the United States Canada has 34; Spain has 13; United Kingdom has 8; New Zealand and Germany each have 4; Israel has 2; Austria China Denmark Netherlands and Switzerland each have one according to the WHO.   Learn about the virus »Hong Kong health officials said a patient who is being treated there arrived from Mexico on a China Eastern Airlines flight that stopped in Shanghai. Denmark did not provide further details.An additional 230 cases are being investigated in the United Kingdom and Spain has 84 suspected cases. Australia which has had no confirmed cases was investigating 114.  View images of responses in U.S. and worldwide »The effects in Mexico reflect the fear and concern across the globe including in the United States where schools and parents are taking precautions in academics graduations and sports because of the flu.For example 22 students Slippery Rock University in Pennsylvania who just returned from from a five-week trip to Mexico City will get their diplomas at a separate ceremony when they graduate Saturday. Texas school officials have postponed all interscholastic sports until at least May 11. And Alabama has stopped such competitions until at least Tuesday.The U.S. Department of Education said Friday that 433 public and nonpublic schools in 17 states had been closed because of the flu outbreak. U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan noted in a news conference that the number is less than 1 percent of the nation's approximate 100000 schools.Earlier Friday United Flight 903 was diverted to Boston Massachusetts on Friday after a female passenger started complaining of "flu-like" symptoms on a Munich-to-Washington flight Logan Airport spokesman Phil Orendella said.CDC officials at a news conference Friday were asked to compare the strain with the deadly 1918 virus.What we have found by looking very carefully at the sequences of the new H1N1 virus is that we do not see the markers for virulence that were seen in the 1918 virus, said Nancy Cox chief of the CDC's Influenza Division.However she added "We know there's a great deal that we do not yet understand about the virulence of the 1918 virus or other influenza viruses that have a more severe clinical picture in humans."CNN's Karl Penhaul Diana Magnay Jake Perez Saeed Ahmed Umaro Djau and Nicole Saidi contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Wise men say to look before you leap. In Alaska it's advisable to look before you land.That's because in Alaska where seaplanes are common you just might land on a whale.Last week in tiny remote Angoon Thomas Hamm was shooting video of a seaplane coming in for a landing.It was a mundane scene in the island community that's only accessible by boat or seaplane.The video starts out normal. But as the plane lowers it's clear something is different about this approach.All the sudden, the pilot advanced the throttle and I didn't know why. I thought, 'Oh something must be wrong,' Hamm told CNN.That something was a whale a humpback swimming just under the surface.For a moment it appeared the whale and plane would collide.But the pilot pulled up getting just enough lift to avoid the mammal.The plane landed safely seconds later.Later Hamm showed the pilot the video he shot.Hamm said the pilot told him he didn't notice the whale; he reacted to the commotion on the shore. Guys were pointing and yelling.Right as the pilot pulled up the whale breached clearing his blowhole and drenching the plane's windshield.That's one way to make a splash.Jetliner diverts to Pacific atoll mechanical glitch blamedRare albino whale 'parades' off Australian coast Dallas (CNN) -- Some may disagree whether George W. Bush was a "uniter not a divider as he liked to say, but he did get all five living presidents together for the dedication of his presidential library.

At Thursday's event in Dallas, Democratic former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton praised Bush for his initiatives in Africa, and Bush defended his record.

The political winds blow left and right polls rise and fall supporters come and go but in the end leaders are defined by the convictions they hold Bush said at the ceremony for the George W. Bush Presidential Center. My deepest conviction the guiding principle of the administration is that the United States of America must strive to expand the reach of freedom."Bush has said he is aware that the opening of his presidential library would reopen debates over the Iraq War and the policies he pursued after the September 11 terrorist attacks. History will show he said at the dedication that he always stuck by his convictions.A free society thrives when neighbors help neighbors and the strong protect the weak and public policies promote private compassion, Bush said. "As president I tried to act on these principles every day. It wasn't always easy and certainly wasn't always popular ... but when future generations come to this library to study this administration they're going to find out that we stayed true to our convictions."Carter told a story of how he asked on Bush's inauguration day for a meeting to talk about a civil war in Sudan that was entering its second decade. Bush kept his word and acted Carter said.In January of 2005, there was a peace treaty between north and south Sudan that ended a war that had been going on for 20 years, Carter said. "George W. Bush is responsible for that."The last time the five living presidents were together was right before President Obama took office. It is a rare and special occurrence when the five gather Obama said.This is a Texas-sized party, Obama said. "When all the former living presidents are all together it is a special day for our democracy."The presidents on the stage definitely differed on many policy matters but they all share one quality Obama said: They did what they believe is right.That's what President George W. Bush chose to do, Obama said.Bush became a little emotional as he closed his speech: "Whatever challenges come before us I will always believe our nation's best days lie ahead."The center's library and museum take visitors through the turning points of Bush's two terms. The first exhibits recall the 43rd president's initial priorities on education faith-based community initiatives and tax cuts. And they show how the September 11 terrorist attacks changed everything.Bush 43: 'History will ultimately judge'At one exhibit the bright red dress that first lady Laura Bush wore to her husband's first state dinner just six days before 9/11 stands in contrast to the next most talked-about artifact in the museum: the twisted hulk of two beams from the World Trade Center.In an interview with CNN's John King the former president said he knows that the center's dedication will rekindle the debate about his presidency and he conceded the library is in part an effort by him and supporters to influence history's verdict.But he predicted visitors would find it "more objective" than they might have imagined and he showed little interest in revisiting flashpoints like Iraq Hurricane Katrina or the 2008 financial crisis or the scorn with which many look back at the Bush presidency.A glimpse at a White House before everything changedYou know, I'm really not that concerned about why people did what during my presidency, he said. "I'm more concerned about being an effective person for the rest of my life.I know this: that Laura and I gave the presidency eight years of our life. We gave it our all. Made the best judgment calls I could. I didn't compromise my principles. And I'm a content man. And I am excited about what we're going to do here.As the son of another former president Bush said he wouldn't mind seeing his brother Jeb Bush run for the highest office.If he could make the decision for Jeb he would tell him to run for president Bush said.But in an interview Thursday on NBC's "Today former first lady Barbara Bush said that while Jeb Bush is able to do the job, she would like to see other families in the White House.

An 11-year-old boy's rendition of the national anthem at Game 3 of the NBA finals brought the usual appreciative applause Tuesday but outside AT&T Center in San Antonio his performance brought a darker reaction from some posters on social media -- and eventually an online backlash against their racist comments.See the performance by Sebastien De La CruzHere's a sampling of some of the unkind tweets that went flying around the Internet about Sebastien de la Cruz:-- "Why they got a Mexican kid singing the national anthem -___-" from Daniel Gilmore.-- "How you singing the national anthem looking like an illegal immigrant" from Andre Lacey proud father and firefighter from Augusta Georgia.-- "Why is a foreigner singing the national anthem. I realize that's San Antonio but that still ain't Mexico" from Lewie Groh.-- "Who let this illegal alien sing our national anthem?" from Matt Cyrus.And the list went on and on.As for Sebastien he said the racist comments have not fazed him.For those that said something bad about me, I understand it's your opinion, said Sebastien to CNN. "I'm a proud American and live in a free country. It's not hurting me. It's just your opinion."Sebastien has been singing since he was 5 but gained fame in 2012 after being on NBC's "America's Got Talent" for singing his mariachi ballads with hopes of winning to help his younger brother get surgery for his hearing problem.Juan de la Cruz Sebastien's father hasn't taken the negative comments personally at all.When he was on 'America's Got Talent,' he faced racism there, too. You can't satisfy everyone, said de la Cruz to CNN.I think people reacted the way they did because Sebastien was wearing his mariachi outfit, said de la Cruz "But it doesn't make sense to listen to those people when most of the feedback we have gotten is positive. San Antonio supports Sebastien."A collection of the negative tweets was posted on Public Shaming a Tumblr blog dedicated to outing and shaming racists' social media  posts. Other media outlets used that post as the foundation for the story and the story took off from there.The blog highlighted 28 tweets from NBA fans who came off as offended and ashamed that the Spurs would allow the boy who happened to have been born and raised in San Antonio to sing the nation's anthem.However Public Shaming must have suspected what would happen once the racist tweets were posted because most of the Twitter handles have been deactivated or the tweet has been removed. The blog posted screen shots of the tweets so it could continue to display the public microbloggers' rants.After the harsh reaction spread across the Internet tweets supporting and defending Sebastien and vociferously denouncing his critics started to take over:-- "That little 10 year old mariachi National Anthem singer has more talent and grace than the combined racist pig idiots on Twitter from Mexican-American cartoonist Lalo Alcaraz

Key West Florida (CNN) -- For more than 20 years the bulletproof museum case housed a small piece of yesteryear: a gold bar recovered from a sunken Spanish galleon. Today its case is broken littered with black fingerprint dust. The treasure is gone. Stolen. Two thieves were caught in the act by the museum's security cameras.This is a special piece, said Melissa Kendrick executive director of the Mel Fisher Maritime Museum in Key West Florida.All the pieces have an incredible historic value, but this is the piece that was shared with the public in a whole totally different way.It was different because visitors could touch it. By reaching into the specially designed display case more than 6 million people have touched the 74.85-ounce bar valued at more than $550000.They're touching something that belonged to someone in 1622, said Carol Shaughnessy author of "Diving Into Glory."Ordinarily people don't get to touch something like that. You can't touch an Egyptian mummy. This is a hands-on connection to history.But now what does a thief do with a priceless high-profile artifact? Is there an underground market that will pay $550000 for this almost 400-year-old piece of solid gold? One expert says no.That's why these crimes don't make a whole lot of money for the criminals, said Robert Wittman a former FBI agent who once headed the FBI's Art Crime Team.It doesn't make sense to do it.Wandering through the museum the thieves can be seen in security video trying to open museum doors. The video is incredibly clear. First they appeared to be targeting a display case of gold chains. Then after a security guard left this part of the museum a man can be seen reaching into the case housing the gold bar and placing the little piece of history into his pocket before exiting the museum.We're getting information and following leads, said Key West Police Chief Donie Lee.Unfortunately we haven't got the best lead, which is, I know that person and we go out, and it's a positive ID, and we're able to go out and pick those guys up.What makes the crime so shocking police said is that the thieves were able to snap the glass at its edges. It's not just any glass but three-eighths-inch thick bulletproof Lexan glass.By designating this as a handling object, it brought certain risks to the bar, Kendrick said.But after your first five, and your next 10, and when you get to 25 years, you start to get to the point when you think that it's never going to happen.Treasure hunter and salvor Mel Fisher recovered the solid gold bar from the wreck of the Santa Margarita in 1980. Fisher and his team had been searching for the Nuestra Senora de Atocha and instead found the sister ship the Santa Margarita. Both ships had gone down in a hurricane off Key West shortly after leaving Havana Cuba in 1622.The ships were headed home to Spain with a cargo of gold silver and coins from the new world.The team found the Atocha in 1985. The stolen bar is one of dozens of gold and silver bars retrieved from the bottom of the sea.Experts say that about 90 percent of stolen art and artifacts is eventually recovered that but it often takes years to find. The FBI has recovered more than 2600 items of cultural property valued at more than $142 million. The items range from Colombian artifacts to Rembrandt paintings.Wittman the former FBI agent and author of "Priceless: How I Went Undercover to Rescue the World's Stolen Treasures said the market is incredibly small for these high-profile objects. He said thieves often steal the items and then try to figure how to sell them.

The truth is that in today's media environment, there's almost no downside for a long-shot candidate" like Brown to tell people he's mulling a White House run. For someone with no real perch other than a paid gig at Fox News it actually makes a lot of sense.Just by going to the Iowa State Fair a must-do for any ambitious pol Brown will be rewarded with the only currency that matters in modern campaign politics (other than hard fundraising dollars): Buzz.Funnel cake and free name ID. What's not to love? asked Will Ritter a Boston-based GOP operative and former Mitt Romney adviser. "How many stories got posted about Ed Markey's legislative agenda yesterday? It's fun. Senator Brown's a skilled retail politician and this gives him a platform to talk about a brand of Republicanism we could use more of."For obsessive political watchers Brown's shamelessness about the whole enterprise is kind of refreshing.I do admire the audacity to just go to the state fair and tweet about it, said Jeff Smith a professor at the New School and regular contributor to the Washington Twitter conversation.Brown knows exactly what he's doing.Scott Brown stirs speculation with New Hampshire visitIt's the same reason Iowa Rep. Steve King and New York Rep. Peter King (no relation; not even close) are "refusing to rule out" a 2016 bid.Will either of them be taking the oath of office one day? Nope. But with so many news platforms to fill -- on television on the web on the radio -- a presidential trial balloon or a trip to Iowa is almost guaranteed to get you at least a crumb of media exposure a boost in stature and maybe even a few campaign contributions down the road.Just look at this month's Family Leadership Summit a gathering of social conservatives in Iowa that drew potential 2016 presidential contenders Ted Cruz and Rick Santorum to the first-in-the-nation caucus state.Both men seem likely to run for the Republican nomination and both will be returning to Iowa over and over and over again in the coming years. But even if they don't the two conservatives proved how keeping one's name in the 2016 conversation is its own reward.In their speeches Cruz and Santorum issued a series of anti-Obama bromides and boosted their profiles with the grassroots activists who attended the Iowa summit. Neither Republican did a single thing to advance the news cycle other than board an airplane to Des Moines.Yet there they were trailed at every turn by reporters from the Washington Post Des Moines Register Associated Press New York Times Dallas Morning News Wall Street Journal NBC News ABC News and Fox News.Another Cruz trip to Iowa stokes 2016 speculationThe focus on the 2016 presidential contest is completely ridiculous, and everybody knows it, wrote David Weigel of Slate after witnessing the cattle call.Well not completely. In our atomized media ecosystem there's certainly a market for niche political coverage in the same way there's a market for micro-reporting on the status of Robert Griffin III's return from knee surgery.More importantly the presidential cycle is starting earlier than it ever has with advisers to likely candidates working behind the scenes to assemble campaign infrastructure and peddle dirt on their potential opponents.On the Republican side Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are driving national discussions about ideology and governance.Still there's a difference between running for president and "running" for president even though it's sometimes difficult to tell the difference.Running for president requires hard work an ungodly amount of fundraising effort a professional team of advisers polling a paid media strategy a voter contact operation and ballot access. See: Romney Mitt.Running for president means doing a lot of interviews and delivering some well-timed lines in debates. See: Cain Herman.Which category does Scott Brown fall under? For the moment it would seem the latter.Looking at the 2016 GOP field Christie probably has the Northeastern Republican lane all to himself a prospect that would make it difficult for Brown to raise money. Before his Iowa trip Brown met privately with Christie at the Republican National Committee's summer conference in Boston a meeting first reported by the New York Times.Christie raised money for Brown several times during his Senate tenure and according to one Christie insider the two are "very friendly."Then there's the fact that Brown who supports some abortion rights isn't exactly a hardliner on social issues that matter to so many Republican caucus-goers in Iowa.Even some of his former advisers aren't sure what he's up to. Eric Fehrnstrom the media strategist who crafted Brown's truck-driving regular-guy image during his stunning 2010 Senate upset is not currently advising him Republican sources told CNN.Asked by text message if he's serious about a presidential bid one Republican who talks to Brown often responded: "Who knows. You should call him and ask."He's acting on his own, as far as I can tell, another onetime adviser said in an e-mail.But what if Brown takes off? What if he gains a toehold in New Hampshire rises to high single digits in the polls sometime in 2015 and gets invited to some Republican primary debates? What if he rattles off a few good lines has his moment in the sun and then fades? He will have lost absolutely nothing -- but gained a spot on some vice presidential short lists along with a hike in his post-campaign speaking fees.Another Republican who has spoken with Brown recently isn't surprised by the sudden interest in the presidential spotlight.Brown this person said is a relentlessly enthusiastic guy who still takes great pride in capturing Ted Kennedy's old Senate seat.The fact that he is in Iowa doesn't surprise me, the Republican told CNN. "In '16 it's not a bad idea to put your name out there and see where it takes you. He was enthusiastic about getting back in the national conversation. I could definitely anticipate this." The former Rutgers University student convicted of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate was released from jail Tuesday after serving his sentence a jail official said.Dharun Ravi 20 was found guilty in May of invasion of privacy witness tampering hindering apprehension and bias intimidation.He left the Middlesex County Jail in North Brunswick New Jersey on Tuesday morning according to Edmond Cicchi warden of the Middlesex County Office of Adult Corrections.Ravi was released early after jail officials applied five days of good behavior and five days of work credit to his term Cicchi said.Ravi's former roommate 18-year-old Tyler Clementi killed himself by jumping off a New York bridge after learning Ravi had secretly recorded Clementi and his partner with a webcam.While Ravi could have been sentenced to 10 years in prison New Jersey Superior Judge Glenn Berman instead gave him a 30-day jail sentence three years of probation and ordered him to complete 300 hours of community service aimed at assisting victims of bias crimes.The judge said he took Ravi's youth and his lack of a criminal record into consideration when handing down his sentence.Ravi began serving his term on May 31 two days after apologizing in a written statement for spying on Clementi.His lawyer filed a notice of appeal of his conviction earlier this month.On Monday U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement said it would not deport Ravi to his native India.The agency is legally prohibited from deporting legal permanent residents unless they have been convicted of crimes such as an aggravated felony domestic violence or drug or weapons offenses a spokesman said. (CNN)New York may be a paradise of Zagat-rated Michelin-starred restaurants but some of its best food can be found on the streets.Hundreds of mobile eateries hawking gourmet global cuisine occupy corners across the city alongside traditional hotdog vendors and halal carts.King of Falafel & ShawarmaHalal carts slinging styrofoam plates piled high with falafel shawarma and rice are ubiquitous in New York but you'll recognize "the King" by the seemingly endless line crowding the sidewalk beside it.Originally a Queens staple the cart dominated the corner of 30th Street and Broadway in Astoria for almost a decade before it won the Vendy Award for New York's Best Street Food in 2010.Now its second cart in Midtown Manhattan peddles its famous falafel and shawarma to the masses in addition to meaty plates like the Freddy's Junior: chicken kefta and basmati rice topped with chopped onion and doused liberally in tahini and chile sauce.King of Falafel & Shawarma; 53rd Street and Park Avenue; +1 718 838 8029Milk TruckBessie Milk Truck's sunshine-yellow food truck is a welcome sight for hungry New Yorkers during lunch hour.Every day the truck's perpetually cheerful staff hawk classic American comfort foods like mac and cheese and turkey chili.The most popular item by far is the grilled cheese sandwich.There are three variations: the classic the classic with onion and mustard and a hearty three-cheese version with apple.Despite not having a regular location -- Bessie's daily whereabouts must be tracked online -- Milk Truck has become a fixture in the New York street food scene thanks to its fiercely loyal following.Milk Truck; locations vary; +1 646 233 3838Red Hook Lobster Pound food truckNew Yorkers don't need to go to New England for a good lobster roll.Thanks to Big Red Red Hook Lobster Pound's lobster shack on wheels they only need to walk to the curb.Rolls come Maine-style served cold with mayo or Connecticut-style served warm with butter and lemon each stuffed with a quarter pound of fresh Maine lobster.Despite a price tag high that's high for the streets -- $16 per roll at the time of writing -- the truck still sells between 300-400 rolls every two hours.Red Hook Lobster Pound Food Truck; locations vary; +1 718 858 7650Lumpia ShackThough Lumpia Shack has recently upgraded to its own brick-and-mortar its original location at Brooklyn's Smorgasburg street food market still remains.Lines form before the tiny street stall as early as 11 a.m. each Saturday for lumpia crispy Filipino-inspired spring rolls.Each roll is made using locally sourced ground pork roasted duck or truffled adobo mushrooms hand-rolled and then deep-fried.Unlike regular street food Lumpia Shack's plating is restaurant quality: the lumpia are arranged artfully on a tray drizzled with homemade sauce and garnished with pea shoots and pickled vegetables.Lumpia Shack; Smorgasburg at Kent Avenue and Wythe Avenue Brooklyn; +1 917 475 1621Dirty water dogsSometimes it feels like almost every other Manhattan street corner is dressed with the ubiquitous blue and yellow striped Sabrett umbrella under which you'll find New York's most iconic street food: the dirty water dog.Named after the warm salty water it's soaked in the hot frank is served in a soft bun (which sops up residual water) and then topped with ketchup mustard onions relish and sauerkraut.It's neither sophisticated nor gourmet but it's the quintessential New York food experience.Various locationsSolber PupusasCulinary heavyweights Anthony Bourdain Marcus Samuelsson and Martha Stewart are all said to be fans of Vendy-winning Solber Pupusas and it's no wonder.Husband and wife owners Rafael and Reina Soler-Bermudez ("Solber" is a portmanteau of their last names) have been making the stuffed Salvadoran corn tortillas in their tiny mobile pupuseria for more than 15 years selling more than 600 on a regular day.The signature platter comes loaded with two pupusas tangy curtido pickled jalapenos tomato sauce and sour cream.Served on banana leaves with a tangy slaw the Salvadoran tamales are also crowd favorites.Solber Pupusas; Brooklyn Flea Market at Lafayette Avenue and Vanderbilt Avenue Brooklyn; +1 516 965 0214CalexicoUnlike California New York isn't renowned for its Mexican food but the city has stepped up its game in recent years thanks in large part to Calexico.What started out as a lone taco cart in SoHo in 2006 -- one of New York's first -- has since grown into a fleet of carts across the city and a handful of brick-and-mortar locations.Its original SoHo cart remains its most popular location still slinging soft corn tacos cradling slow-cooked chipotle pork hearty bowls of jalapeno cheddar grits and burritos packed with beer-battered fish beans rice and Monterey Jack cheese.Calexico; Prince Street and Wooster Street; +1 646 590 4172Bolivian Llama PartyTraditional Bolivian street food staples can now be enjoyed on the streets of Brooklyn thanks to this popular Smorgasburg stall.Though saltenas -- crusty empanada-like pastries filled with meat and vegetables --are easily its best-selling item the chola slider is the real star here.The modern take on the humble sanduiche de chola comes stuffed with either pork or beef brisket and topped with hibiscus-pickled onions carrots kolla cheese and parsley.Bolivian Llama Party; Smorgasburg at Kent Avenue and Wythe Avenue Brooklyn; +1 347 395 5481Breakfast cart bagelsNew York boasts many terrific brick-and-mortar bagel shops but you won't get a cheaper or more authentic breakfast than a bagel and coffee from a street cart.Every morning locals file out of the subway and make a beeline for the nearest silver breakfast cart whose narrow shelves are stocked high with bagels and pastries of every kind.Many pre-prepare their bagels for convenience but most carts will make your bagel to order.Coffee usually deli-quality is served in small blue-and-white Anthora cups that have become as characteristic of New York as yellow cabs and dirty water dogs.Various locations (CNN) -- What would we lose if we lost 220000 postal jobs (120000 proposed through layoffs 100000 through attrition) 3700 post offices 300 mail processing plants or even the post office itself?With millions of jobs and businesses lost to the recent recession these may seem like just more numbers or more seemingly inevitable "facts" -- that in the electronic age we now rely on the private sector to deliver public services. But postal workers are people we depend on and post offices are places we want to know will always be there.Downsizing the U.S Postal Service - -which is so low on money it's in imminent danger of default -- may seem like a ripple in this troubled economy but it promises to be a social tsunami if action isn't taken soon to save it.For one thing the postal service has been a huge employer. Before I became a history professor I carried mail for the Postal Service for 20 years. As with many government jobs you're hired for this one based on achieving a high score on a competitive exam. Veterans roughly 20% of today's postal workforce (though once well over 50%) earn extra points on this exam thus giving them a head start and a job to come home to after military service.Who were my co-workers? Just everyday people who like me in 1980 were attracted to a job that had good benefits job security and started at $8.10 an hour. This was as a result of the 1970 nationwide postal wildcat strike that began in New York after postal workers declared they were tired of earning $2.95 an hour and having to work a second job or collect food stamps to make ends meet.In collecting oral histories for a book I later wrote on the postal service I interviewed those who had worked before 1970 including those who struck. The postal worker's job could include processing mail as clerks and mail handlers delivering it as letter carriers driving it as truck drivers and as maintenance workers keeping up the vehicles buildings and grounds. Above all postal workers were proud of having a career serving the public.The job allowed many to move into the ranks of middle-class wage earners where they were able to buy homes and send their children to college. But they were also members of extended families and community networks. Many started small businesses on the side adopted foster children were active in civic organizations or enrolled in college classes. Their jobs mattered to communities.Postal jobs have especially played a key role in black community development. The post office has long been one of the largest employers of African-Americans. Even as they faced discrimination at other jobs many found work there with college degrees or military service under their belts. By 1970 they had become twice as likely as whites to work for the post office and even before the wage bump that year the job had afforded them a middle-class status and the ability to accumulate wealth.Today the nation relies on a vast mailing industry that operates primarily for profit. But that network is underpinned by the U.S. Postal Service -- a self-supporting quasi-corporate government agency that remains committed to universal service by constitutional and congressional mandate.Many Americans may not realize that it was the Post Office that pioneered parcel post in 1916 in response to the overpriced poor and inconsistent service disaster that was private package delivery. Or that the USPS came up with the concept of overnight mail and zip codes that UPS and FedEx rely on so heavily in their business.Many don't make the connection that e-commerce not only competes with but also generates U.S. mail. Or that during the turn of this century -- the Postal Service's peak years of revenue and mail handling -- it was common to hear competitors and political ideologues calling for the agency's privatization while at the same time blocking USPS innovations like the proposed 1997 Global Postal Link program to help expedite parcels through customs. Or that the post office is the victim of an artificial deficit created by the 2006 Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act signed by President George W. Bush which forces the Postal Service to pre-fund its retiree health benefits 75 years into the future over the next 10 years. What should have been annual revenue surpluses for the Postal Service over the last decade have instead contributed to nightmare annual deficits as it is forced to pay $5.5 billion a year out of operating funds to satisfy this unnecessary and devastating mandate. .We lose more than numbers when we lose postal jobs and post offices or even the existence of a universal postal service. We lose more than just people committed to providing service but also people engaged with their communities. People able to consume goods that others produce to help drive local economies.We would also lose the promise of jobs in the future that provide what has become a more dependable service over two centuries since the founding of this country (the post office was started in 1775). An alternative to this loss? People could demand that Congress treat the Postal Service as a venerable American institution worthy of fulfilling its enduring mandate for which it has recruited generations of skilled and dedicated professional government employees.A good start would be H.R. 1351 introduced by Rep. Stephen Lynch D-Massachusetts a bill that would at least allow the Postal Service to transfer surplus pension funds to satisfy the retiree health plan pre-fund requirement. And that pre-fund requirement ultimately needs to be repealed to keep the Postal Service from running off the rails.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philip F. Rubio (CNN) -- The U.S. relationship with President Hosni Mubarak's Egypt is full of contradictions and tensions according to recently published U.S. diplomatic cables but is also underpinned by similar basic interests in a rough and unpredictable part of the world.A CNN analysis of secret and confidential cables published by WikiLeaks and its media partners reveals U.S. frustration with Mubarak's lack of succession planning concerns over stuttering economic reform and private criticism of the Mubarak government's hard line toward domestic opponents.But the cables also show that Washington sees Egypt as an important and -- until now -- stable ally on issues including Iran's nuclear program promoting negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority and making life difficult for Hamas in Gaza.And above all Egypt is regarded as a moderate bulwark against Iranian-sponsored Islamist fundamentalism.The cables show that Mubarak has taken a persistently hard line toward Iran telling U.S. diplomats in 2008 that he had warned Tehran "not to provoke the Americans" on the nuclear issue and insisting Egypt could never accept a nuclear-armed Iran.Mubarak has also repeatedly warned of Iran's influence with Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon and in a cable from February last year was quoted as describing "Tehran's hand moving with ease throughout the region from the Gulf to Morocco."A 2009 cable noted that with "the discovery of a Hezbollah cell in Egypt the Egyptians appear more willing to confront the Iranian surrogates and to work closely with Israel." To that end the cables describe the Mubarak government as a helpful partner in stopping smuggling into Gaza from Egypt. A cable from 2008 quoted a senior Egyptian military figure as stating that Egypt had spent approximately $40 million to purchase the steel for an underground wall on the Gaza border "and Egypt was paying the cost of this wall in terms of public opinion both within Egypt and the region."There is no guarantee that any "successor" to the Mubarak government would take such a hard line with Hamas.For the U.S. the alliance between Egypt and Saudi Arabia has also been an important counterweight to growing Iranian influence on the "Arab street" and among states such as Syria and Qatar.Egyptian officials from Mubarak down have also repeatedly impressed upon visiting Americans -- military diplomatic and Congressional -- that it alone among Arab states can play a mediating role between Israel and the Palestinians. [Egypt signed a peace treaty with Israel in 1979 and Mubarak has resisted popular opposition to it.]Ahead of Mubarak's visit to Washington in May 2009 Ambassador Margaret Scobey wrote from Cairo that "the Egyptians want the visit to demonstrate that Egypt remains America's indispensable "Arab ally."Scobey continued that Mubarak was "a tried and true realist innately cautious and conservative and has little time for idealistic goals."He viewed himself as "someone who is tough but fair who ensures the basic needs of his people."At the same time the Mubarak government has been very sensitive to any perceived slight from Washington. It has complained about cuts in U.S. economic aid and a stagnant level of military aid "because it shows our diminished view of the value of our relationship" according to one cable.On pressure to improve human rights according to one cable from Scobey in 2009 "Mubarak takes this issue personally and it makes him seethe when we raise it particularly in public."In a later cable she said that Mubarak "harkens back to the Shah of Iran: the U.S. encouraged him to accept reforms only to watch the country fall into the hands of revolutionary religious extremists."The Egyptian president relied on his interior minister and intelligence service to "keep the domestic beasts at bay and Mubarak is not one to lose sleep over their tactics."The U.S. cables display frustration with Mubarak's reluctance to address human rights issues with one in 2008 saying: "While Egypt has made some limited gains over the last several years such as on freedom of the press progress overall has been slow."In a later cable Scobey suggested the new U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "may wish to lay down a marker for a future discussion on democratization and human rights concerns." But given Mubarak's sensitivities the U.S. has trodden carefully in pressing the Egyptian government on human rights. A cable from 2009 said the United States now avoided "the public confrontations that had become routine over the past several years" over human rights.Over the past five years the cables reveal a growing unease with the lack of a succession plan and apprehension about the prospect of Mubarak's younger son Gamal taking over from his father. As far back as April 2006 one cable observed that Mubarak's wife Suzanne was their son's "most ardent booster" but added: "The possibility that Gamal might succeed his father remains deeply unpopular on the street."It adds that "unlike his father (Gamal) cannot take the military's support for granted having never served as an officer. But the same cable laments the lack of obvious contenders to succeed the aging Mubarak -- a situation that appears to hold today.

Scobey wrote in apparent frustration two years ago that Mubarak seems to be trusting to God and the ubiquitous military and civilian security services to ensure an orderly transition."Recent events may have eroded that confidence but one cable in 2007 pointed out that Egypt's internal security apparatus "an estimated 1.4 million strong is at least twice the size it was under Sadat ... and makes any kind of violent change of leader unlikely."That perspective is now being challenged -- and the role of the military may be critical in deciding the outcome. A cable from 2008 cites Egyptian experts as describing a "disgruntled mid-level officer corps" with military salaries falling far behind the civilian sector and the top brass averse to Gamal succeeding his father.Egyptian commentators also noted that many officers were frustrated that loyalty to the regime trumped competence and that the best military talent was sidelined in case it should pose a threat to the government. Even so one cable concludes: "The military still remains a potent political and economic force."After discussing whether the military might step in to prevent Mubarak from passing the baton to his son the cable concludes: "In a messier succession scenario however it becomes more difficult to predict the military's actions." (CNN) -- No play can begin in a baseball game until the pitcher throws the ball. And no play can conclude until the umpire makes the call.We're not just robots they send out there, umpire Tim McClelland (2nd from L) told author Bruce Weber.Yet these figures -- the man on the mound and the men who stand in judgment -- are vastly different in importance to the average fan.There are countless children who dream of becoming a major-league pitcher. He is literally the king of the hill.Umpires? Almost nobody dreams of becoming an umpire.And yet the positions share a number of similarities according to two new books: "As They See 'Em" (Scribner) by New York Times writer Bruce Weber and "The Complete Game" (Knopf) by former major-league pitcher (and current New York Mets broadcaster) Ron Darling.Both jobs require a great deal of command neither gets enough training and both are often disrespected by others in the game.Indeed despite a library of books by and about pitchers (Jim Bouton's "Ball Four Jim Brosnan's The Long Season Christy Mathewson's Pitching in a Pinch") Darling said he believes that people still don't understand what it takes to stand on that mound.Within baseball circles there is a common baseball axiom, 'If pitchers weren't so stupid, hitters would never get a hit,'  he said in an e-mail. "Of course I knew this was a fallacy so I decided to write about the travails of major league pitchers. Throwing a ball 95 mph to tin cup-sized quadrants sounds pretty difficult to me and I wanted to express this to the reader."Umpires on the other hand rarely get written about at all -- in fact they're often treated as less than human. ("The owners basically see them like bases former baseball Commissioner Fay Vincent told Weber. They say 'We need a base; we need an umpire; same thing.' ") Weber found a fraternity (and they are almost all men) much like cops or soldiers: tight-lipped believers in baseball law and order.Weber immersed himself in the "land of umpires as the book's subtitle calls it, attending umpiring school, calling games at various levels of pro ball and talking with those who were willing -- including the legendary Doug Harvey, who was called God" for his imperious demeanor. What he found is that what looks so obvious on television at home is often a challenge on the field a matter not just of eyesight but positioning rule-book knowledge and basic guts.That's really what [being an umpire] is about -- is being in charge, he said. "If there's anything that characterizes the major league umpire it's that special kind of chutzpah."Umpires need that presence because they're often baseball's most disrespected men. Aside from the vitriol they face -- the managers kicking dirt the spectators yelling "Kill the ump" -- they're second-guessed by broadcasters and barely tolerated by management as Weber reveals in detailing the episodes preceding and following the 1999 umpires' strike.And yet Major League Baseball doesn't participate in umpire training or development entrusting it to two umpire-run private schools Weber observes. (MLB does run an annual umpire camp.)Darling echoes Weber's concerns in his own field pitching. In these days of strict pitch counts and injury concern pitchers are "undertrain[ed] he says, noting that top draft choices climb the ranks never allowed to throw more than 110 pitches." That leaves them at a disadvantage when they have to go deeper into a game or cope with a tough inning he says.It would be like training for the marathon and never running more than 5 miles, he says. "Identifying and preserving million-dollar arms are [the purview] of doctors not baseball people."Darling's book is a chronicle of pitchers' thought processes using individual innings from his pitching or broadcasting career to make his point. He talks about panic overtaking a pitcher as it did for Darling in a 1984 game in which he got pasted by the Cubs; he also addresses the rush of pitching in a World Series game and -- in a treat for baseball fans -- goes over the extra innings in perhaps the most famous college baseball game ever a 1981 extra-inning contest that Darling's Yale Bulldogs lost to Frank Viola's St. John's Redmen 1-0.He says he remembered the games vividly. "I definitely watched tapes and read box scores but I was very clear on almost all the minutiae of the good old days. A little scary and maybe a major personality flaw!"Pitchers get more support than umpires of course. Darling observes that the relationship between a pitcher and his catcher during a well-pitched game "is one of sport's most beautiful dances. I would not have said it when I was playing but after a shutout ... there is a love for that person immediately after the process. You did something together that could not have been done alone and nobody can understand what you went through to get there."Umpires too take pride in their best moments though few pay attention outside their fellow umpires. More common is to be vilified for missed calls. Weber devotes a moving passage in his book to a conversation with the retired Don Denkinger a 29-year veteran remembered by fans (if he's remembered at all) for a wrong call in the 1985 World Series.Though time has dulled the pain "I think he lives with [that call] every day Weber said. When a dreadful thing happens to you in front of so many people and you become famous for it it must be devastating."Weber says his time with umpires has made him much more sympathetic to their judgmental tasks. When watching games now the Yankees fan says he'll focus on the umpires.I just think umpiring is interesting. People hate 'em, and they somehow perceive of umpiring as a flaw in the game, but I don't, he said. "Now I'm always interested who the umpires are."Which is a point the umpires would appreciate.Umpires are people, too, veteran ump Tim McClelland told Weber. "We have families; we have emotions. ... Somebody says 'Kill the umpire' and people go 'Heh heh that's funny' but in order to do that you have to disassociate the umpire from the person.We're human. We're not just robots they send out there. President Barack Obama signed an executive order Monday banning federal contractors from discriminating against employees on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.Despite calls from religious leaders faith-based groups will not be exempt.Thanks to your passion and advocacy and the irrefutable rightness of your cause, our government -- a government of the people, by the people and for the people -- will become just a little bit fairer, Obama said.Gay federal workers are already protected from workplace discrimination by a Clinton-era order and Obama's action extended the protections to shield workers from gender identity-based discrimination.Americans United for Separation of Church and State which joined a coalition of nearly 100 civil rights and LGBT groups urging Obama to reject calls for a religious exemption thanked him for taking action. It said he made the "right call" for not tagging any religious exemptions to the document.Faith-based groups that tap the public purse should play by the same rules as everyone else and not expect special treatment, the group's executive director Rev. Barry Lynn said in a statement. "No forms of discrimination should be supported with the taxpayer dime period."Rea Carey executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force was in the room as Obama signed the order and said it was an emotional moment.There are now millions of LGBT people and their families who are just going to sleep a little bit easier tonight knowing that they can't be fired from their jobs as federal contractors, she said.During the ceremony which comes 50 years after President Lyndon Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 Obama also recalled the history of executive actions and legislation to ban discrimination in the workplace and "make sure we the people applies to all the people."Senate passes LGBT anti-discrimination billBut Obama's signature on Monday did not touch a 2002 executive order signed by President George W. Bush that allows religious groups to weigh prospective employees' faith in hiring decisions.This gave some opponents of the order hope that they could continue to consider sexual orientation in hiring decisions.One of those opponents Stephen Schneck director of the Institute for Policy Research & Catholic Studies at The Catholic University of America said he was disappointed by Obama's decision regarding the religious exemption. But he suggested that religious groups could still rely on the 2002 order.I believe the administration has left open a path that religious groups can work with, Schneck said.Russell Moore president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention had stronger words for Obama and worried that the Bush-era executive order would leave out some faith-based groups.While we don't know the full implications of this executive order, I am disappointed that this administration persistently violates the freedom of conscience for religious organizations that provide necessary relief for the poor and endangered, Moore said. "The ones hurt will be the most vulnerable in our society."Obama's executive action extends protections against sexual-based discrimination to employees of federal contractors operating outside of the 21 states and the District of Columbia that enacted their own non-discrimination legislation.Obama also noted that a majority of Fortune 500 companies have policies in place against discrimination based on sexual orientation.The action is not the first time Obama has used his presidential powers to benefit the LGBT community. In 2010 he signed an order extending benefits to same-sex partners of executive branch employees already provided to opposite-sex partners.But on the federal legislative level LGBT groups have struggled to enact similar legislation.The Senate passed a bill barring LGBT discrimination in the fall. But the measure which exempted religious groups from the would-be-law did not make it to the House floor where Republicans opposed it.And attendees greeted Obama's call to continue applying pressure to "resolve this problem once and for all" with one resounding word: "Amen."Supreme Court rules against Obama in contraception case Editor's note: This is an excerpt from the February issue of National Geographic magazine. You can read the full story here.(National Geographic) -- Miles from the main roads in rural Africa soccer balls bounce unevenly. Playing fields are arid lush weedy sandy—any flattish space will do. Goalposts might be made of gathered mahogany or driftwood. Some feet are bare others shod in fraying sneakers boots rubber sandals. Yet children kick and chase handmade lopsided balls with skill and abandon competing for pride and joy—for the sheer pleasure of playing.Has the "beautiful game" ever been lovelier?Jessica Hilltout doesn't think so. In 2010 when the World Cup came to Africa for the first time the Belgium-based photographer set out to see what soccer looked like far from the bright lights and big stadiums. What she found—over seven months ten countries and 12500 miles—was a grassroots game where passion trumped poverty a do-it-yourself ethic prospered and one ball could "bring happiness to an entire village."In the 30-odd soccer-loving localities she visited in countries from South Africa to Ivory Coast balls are spun into being with whatever's at hand: rag or sock tire or bark plastic bag or inflated condom. Each might last days or months on a field of gravel or hard earth. Wherever Hilltout went she swapped the store-bought balls she kept in her car for these "ingenious little jewels most of which were made by children.

(CNN) -- The International Olympic Committee has reinstated India allowing its athletes to once again compete under their country's flag after a ban of more than a year.The reinstatement raises to 89 the number of countries and territories participating in the Sochi Games.It is the first time in Olympic history that a suspension of an NOC (National Olympic Committee) has been lifted during an Olympic Games, the IOC said in a statement Tuesday.The decision means that Indian athletes can now compete for India's Olympic committee and walk behind their national flag at the closing ceremony of the Winter Games in Sochi on 23 February the statement said.At the opening ceremony last week India's delegation of three athletes had marched under an IOC flag.India was suspended from the Olympic fold in December 2012 after the Indian Olympic Association elected Lalit Bhanot who spent 11 months in jail on corruption charges to a top post.The situation remained deadlocked for months as the Indian association refused to bow to the IOC's demands for changes.But the IOC said Tuesday that it had ended the suspension following the Indian association's general assembly and elections for a new board on Sunday.An IOC delegation that observed the elections reported that they complied with the requirement that "no person convicted or charge-framed can run for a position within the organization."Narayna Ramachandran the president of the World Squash Federation was voted in as the new president of the Indian association.To symbolically mark the lifting of the suspension and in recognition of the three Indian athletes competing in Sochi, the Indian flag will be raised in the Olympic Village, the IOC said Tuesday.India responded positively to the announcement.I am happy that suspension is over and now Indian teams and players will take part in the International events under the national flag, said Vijay Kumar Malhotra the former acting president of Indian Olympic Association.CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report. (Mother Nature Network) -- Mother's Day poems come in all shapes and sizes.Many address the poet's memories of his mother. Others describe the poet's gratitude for his mother. Some are very short. Some are very long.Sometimes the mother-child relationship is complicated and the poet discusses the good times along with the bad. Other times it's a straightforward message of love and gratitude. If nothing else the poet almost always acknowledges the significant role a mother plays in the lives of her children.Needless-to-say with Mom being portrayed so many different ways in poetry there are several avenues for approaching a selection of poems appropriate for Mother's Day.Well we're here to help you. Here's a list of selected works to get you started with Mother's Day poems:Mother Nature Network: Mother's Day song guideTo My Mother by Robert Louis StevensonThe Scottish poet evokes childhood memories in this four-line ode to Mom. It appeared "A Child's Garden of Verses a collection of 65 poems by Stevenson first published in 1885 under the title Penny Whistles."You too my mother read my rhymes For love of unforgotten times And you may chance to hear once more The little feet along the floor.Kaddish by Allen GinsbergGinsberg one of the leading voices of the Beat Generation wrote this lengthy poem following the 1956 death of his mother. It was published as part of a collection "Kaddish and Other Poems: 1958-1960." Its title refers to the traditional Jewish prayer recited during times of mourning.To My Mother by Christina RosettiRosetti a 19th century English poet best known for her lengthy poem called "Goblin's Market wrote this short piece about her mother in 1842:

Thanking My Mother for Piano Lessons" by Diane WakoskiWakoski a contemporary poet who counts Allen Ginsberg among her influences writes of the "beauty that can come from even an ugly past" in this poem that recounts among other things the financial struggles her mother accepted in order to make sure she could pay for her child's piano lessons.Mother o' Mine by Rudyard KiplingThe Nobel laureate who lived from 1865 to 1936 wrote about the undying love of a mother in this 11-line poem:If I were hanged on the highest hill Mother o' mine O mother o' mine! I know whose love would follow me still Mother o' mine O mother o' mine! If I were drowned in the deepest sea Mother o' mine O mother o' mine! I know whose tears would come down to me Mother o' mine O mother o' mine! If I were damned of body and soul I know whose prayers would make me whole Mother o' mine O mother o' mine!Mother to Son by Langston HughesThis lesser-known piece by the Harlem Renaissance writer takes the perspective of the mother speaking to her son and telling him that "Life for me ain't been no crystal stair." It can be found in "The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes."What I Learned From My Mother by Julia KasdorfKasdorf is the second contemporary poet on our list. She talks about how her mother taught her to comfort those in mourning to offer healing and "the blessing of your voice your chaste touch."Do you have a favorite Mother's Day poem? Let us know in the comments below.© Copyright 2010 Mother Nature Network LONDON England (CNN) -- When Danish auteur Lars von Trier presented his gothic thriller "Antichrist" at Cannes Film Festival last month it was greeted with cat-calls jeers and at times disbelieving laughter.Danish auteur Lars von Trier has been making films that shock provoke and impress for over 40 years.Filmmakers are expected to give audiences a hard time at Cannes and the two-hander starring Willem Dafoe and Charlotte Gainsbourg as a couple grieving the loss of a child is no exception.But it was the level of pornographic sex and visceral brutality that outraged some and astonished many.Von Trier was labeled a woman-hater for the wince-inducingly horrific final scene in which female lead Charlotte Gainsbourg takes a pair of rusty scissors to her genitals and performs a DIY clitoridectomy right to camera.An Ecumenical Jury that normally hands out a prize at Cannes celebrating spiritual values felt moved to award "Antichrist" an "anti-prize" for being "the most misogynist movie from the self-proclaimed biggest director in the world."Lars von Trier, we get it, wrote film critic Wendy Ide in UK paper The Times. "You really really don't like women."Misogyny couldn't be further from the truth according to Von Trier who says he sees himself up there on the screen: "I mostly see myself as the female character the 53-year-old director told CNN in Cannes. Do you think that Lars von Trier is a woman-hater? Tell us below in the SoundOff box

The director says that he shot the film as a form of therapy after recovering from a serious mental illness. Indeed, a few years ago, it was questionable whether von Trier, who is famously multi-phobic, would be able to make another film.

In the winter of 2006, he fell victim to depression and checked into hospital, the aftermath of which left him like a blank sheet of paper he told Danish paper Politiken at the time.

Today, if not fully recovered -- the most terrifying thing he can think of is still myself" -- he is able to function once more and is receiving cognitive behavioral therapy to help him face up to his psychological issues.Despite or perhaps because of what he describes as his "sensitive" nature von Trier is one of today's great contemporary European auteurs considered responsible for spearheading a revival in the fortunes of Scandinavian filmmaking.I think that if you are, shall we say, sensitive, then there is a good side and a bad side about it, said von Trier. "The good side is that you can sometimes achieve something creatively. But of course it always also allows some of these negative thoughts in."  Watch Lars von Trier talking to CNN's The Screening Room about "Antichrist" »He has been nominated for the top prize at Cannes the Palme D'Or a staggering eight times winning once in 2000 for the harrowing operatic tragedy "Dancer in the Dark starring Icelandic musician, Bjork, who also took home the Best Actress prize that year.

It is rumored Bjork became so unhinged filming Dancer in the Dark" she ate her own cardigan. Von Trier claimed each morning she would say "Mr von Trier I despise you and spit at him.  In pictures: The wierd world of Lars von Trier »

Von Trier has a reputation for being tough on his actors. His friend and long-time collaborator, actor Stellan Skarsgard describes von Trier as not uncomplex."I was scared, admitted Gainsbourg who won Best Actress at Cannes for her performance. "I had heard stories about him as a director ... maybe he's cruel and vicious." But she now describes him as her "guide" and "the greatest director I've ever worked with."Fueled by his unconventional approach and upbringing the mythology surrounding von Trier looms large over everything he touches.Brought up in Copenhagen by bohemian parents who were committed nudists he suffers from crippling bouts of agoraphobia; and most famously a fear of flying. Each visit to Cannes involves a five-day road trip from Denmark to the French Riviera by camper van.He has an undeniable egotistical streak: this year at Cannes he declared "I am the best filmmaker in the world and in 1991, when displeased that Cannes jury president Roman Polanski had only awarded Europa" the runner-up Grand Prix prize he called him a "dwarf."He also seems to actively court controversy: 1998 Palme D'Or contender "Dogme #2: The Idiots" grabbed headlines for being the first commercial film to show non-simulated sex on screen and for von Trier's typically eccentric claim that the best way to prepare actors for sex scenes is to direct in the nude.But von Trier says he has always taken a deeply personal approach to the experimental often dark and challenging works that he creates. He says he finds it difficult to know how to satisfy the needs of others with his films and so works only for himself.I feel very strongly for satisfying, maybe not my own needs, but my own idea of the film and the images that come from within, he told CNN.If I didn't follow my instinct, then I can't work. (CNN) -- An American woman died aboard a cruise ship that docked at Rio de Janeiro on Tuesday the same ship on which 86 passengers previously fell ill according to the state-run Brazilian news agency Agencia Brasil.The American tourist died aboard the MS Veendam owned by cruise operator Holland America. Federal Police told Agencia Brasil that forensic doctors were investigating her death.The ship's doctors told police that the woman was elderly and suffered from diabetes and hypertension according the agency.The other passengers came down with diarrhea prior to her death during an earlier part of the trip the ship's doctors said.The Veendam left New York 36 days ago for a South America tour. (CNN) -- The Army sergeant who admitted to gunning down 16 civilians in a 2012 rampage through two villages near his outpost in southern Afghanistan is expected to take the stand at his sentencing hearing and will apologize.Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales pleaded guilty in June to more than 30 criminal charges including 16 premeditated murder counts.The plea spares the 39-year-old Bales the prospect of a death sentence in the killings. He now faces life in prison but a jury of four officers and two enlisted personnel will decide whether he will have a chance at parole.Yes, Bob will take (the) stand ... Yes, Bob will apologize, Bales' lawyer John Henry Browne said in an e-mail to CNN.Bales admitted to slipping away from his outpost in southern Afghanistan and going on a house-to-house killing spree in two nearby villages in March 2012 a massacre that further strained ties between American troops and their Afghan allies.Afghanistan shootings Fast FactsBut he has not offered an explanation for his actions.I've asked that question a million times since then. There's not a good reason in the world for the horrible things I did, Bales said when he pleaded guilty according to Drew Mikkelson of CNN affilliate KING who was tweeting from the courtroom.Mikkelson also tweeted from the sentencing hearing which began this week at Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma Washington.So far a number of Afghan civilians have taken the stand for the prosecution to talk about what they saw and survived.Haji Mohammed Wazir lost 11 relatives -- his wife mother two brothers a 13-year-old nephew and six of his seven children -- according to KING.My life has never been the same, Wazir told the jury.It's been more than a year since the massacre but Wazir said: "I feel like it's happening right now the affiliate reported.

KING's Mikkelson tweeted that a 12-year-old boy who survived the rampage testified about seeing his father and sister get shot.

Another witness broke down on the stand and cried out: For God's sake don't ask me any more questions Mikkelson wrote.

In addition to the murder counts, Bales pleaded guilty to six counts of attempted murder, seven of assault and the use of illicit steroids and alcohol. He pleaded not guilty to a charge of obstruction of justice.

Bales is a member of the Army's 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team, an element of the 2nd Infantry Division. His attorneys have said the service made a mistake in assigning Bales to another combat tour despite evidence of post-traumatic stress disorder and a traumatic brain injury suffered during a combat tour in Iraq.

CNN's Matt Smith contributed to this report.

 (CNN) -- Could search crews be just a few hundred feet from solving a mystery that has riveted millions for 76 years?That's the question raised by tantalizing evidence published this week by teams trying to find out what happened to famed aviator Amelia Earhart who vanished along with navigator Fred Noonan during a doomed attempt to fly around the world in 1937.Yet that evidence has been met with skepticism in some quarters.Debate about the mystery gained new currency this week after researchers publicized images recorded by search teams scanning the ocean floor nearly a year ago near Nikumaroro Island in the South Pacific.The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery raised the prospect of a big break in the case by publishing an image online. It showed something -- hard for the layman to size up -- on the ocean floor.The group said "It's the right size it's the right shape and it's in the right place."Could it really be a piece of Earhart's Lockheed Electra plane?Louise Foudray caretaker and historian of the Amelia Earhart Birthplace Museum in Atchison Kansas chose her words carefully on Friday afternoon.We don't want to shrug off the hard work anyone is doing. We do like the idea that people are still interested, she said. "But we're skeptical."Opinion: Will mystery of Earhart be solved?She said there have been other theories that have emerged. One is that Earhart's plane was forced down by the Japanese around the Marshall Islands. Another is that Earhart secretly returned to the United States and the government gave her a new identity.There are people out there who buy those theories. But in reality Foudray said "no one has yet to come up with anything conclusive."It wasn't until March that one analyst made a possible connection to Earhart in an online forum for the International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery.The group said experts have offered various interpretations. Some think the sonar image could be a man-made object and others say it could be a geologic feature.Earhart: The evidence we almost lostSo did (last summer's) expedition actually succeed in locating the wreckage of the world's most famous missing airplane? Or is this sonar target just a coral rock or ridge? the organization says on its website. "Of course we're not going to know until we can get back out there but until then the anomaly is worth close study."Richard Fredricks executive director of the American Salvage Association a trade group said that "almost anything is possible" these days with advanced technology. And that includes locating a lost airplane.He cited technology such as side-scan sonar and magnetometers but said finding a lost plane such as the Earhart craft is "more a function of funding than technology." Money is needed to invest in expeditions he said. The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery on its website is asking for contributions to continue its work.Foudray said she's heard all of the evidence and nothing solid has risen to the surface. And that includes the latest foray into the South Pacific deep.We don't expect anything, she said.Photo may be key to finding what happened to aviator (CNN) -- Alexandre Vinokourov claimed Kazakhstan's first medal at the London Olympics with gold in Saturday's men's cycling road race.Much fancied home favorite Mark Cavendish finished a disappointing 29th as the British team struggled to meet pre-race expectations.Colombia's Rigoberto Uran took the silver while bronze went to Alexander Kristoff from Norway.The 38-year-old Vinokourov who served a two-year ban for blood doping between 2007 and 2009 announced after the race that he may retire from the sport after Wednesday's cycling time trial.I will still race in the time trial on Wednesday but I have the gold medal I wanted and after that I will consider retiring, said the Kazakh cyclist.World champion Cavendish had been strongly tipped to finally claim the Olympic medal that had eluded him at the 2008 Games in Beijing where he was the only member of Britain's track cycling team to return from the games without a medal.Despite the British team having control of the peloton throughout the race they struggled to close the gap on the lead group and Cavendish was nowhere in sight as Vinokourov out sprinted Uran to the finish line in front of Buckingham Palace.There was a group of 22 who got away and we couldn't pull them back, said Cavendish.I can be proud of how the lads rode. They have got nothing left in the tank.

Cavendish's hopes appeared to have been boosted when rival Swiss sprinter Fabian Cancellara crashed, but the peloton could not close on the leading group.

With just under 10km to the finish line -- and a handy time advantage of 50 seconds -- the leading pack looked to be preparing for a sprint finish, but Uran made a break for it, and surprisingly Vinokourov was the only rider to respond.

As the two riders rounded the final corner, the Kazakh made the most of his rival slowing to look back to check for pursuers and launched a sprint to the line.

It was quickly clear that the Colombian had no answer to the Kazakh's attack and Vinokourov had a big enough lead to ride across the line with his arms aloft.

 (CNN) -- A rebel group in the Democratic Republic of Congo killed at least 321 civilians and abducted 250 others -- including at least 80 children -- in a previously unreported rampage late last year Human Rights Watch said in a report released Saturday.The Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) carried out the brutal campaign in northeastern Congo over four days in December the report said.LRA forces attacked at least 10 villages from December 14 to 17 killing and abducting hundreds of civilians -- including women and children according to Human Rights Watch.LRA combatants tied up villagers in the nation's remote Makombo area and hacked them to death with machetes or crushed their skulls with axes and heavy wooden sticks the report said.Most of those killed were adult men but at least 13 women and 23 children were among the dead -- including a 3-year-old girl who was burned to death according to Human Rights Watch.The LRA also killed those they abducted who walked too slowly or tried to escape Human Rights Watch said.According to those who managed to escape children captured by the LRA were forced to kill other children who had disobeyed the LRA's rules the report said. In numerous cases children were ordered to surround the victim in a circle and take turns beating the child on the head with a large wooden stick until the child died the report said.The Makombo massacre is one of the worst ever committed by the LRA in its bloody 23-year history, yet it has gone unreported for months, said Anneke Van Woudenberg a senior Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch. "The four-day rampage demonstrates that the LRA remains a serious threat to civilians and is not a spent force as the Ugandan and Congolese governments claim."CNN could not independently confirm the massacre.Human Rights Watch said that the roughly 1000 United Nations peacekeeping troops in LRA-affected parts of northeastern Congo are insufficient to protect civilians. The peacekeeping force is considering removing some troops from the area under pressure from the Congolese government a move Human Rights Watch warned against on Saturday.The U.N. Security Council is planning to visit Congo in mid-April to discuss the peacekeeping force's plans for withdrawal and the protection of civilians Human Rights Watch said.The Congolese government denies that the LRA is still a serious threat in the country which may have contributed to the absence of reports about the December massacre Human Rights Watch said.We have been forgotten, an 80-year-old Congolese man whose son was killed during the massacre told Human Rights Watch. "It's as if we don't exist."The government says the LRA are no longer a problem, but I know that's not true, he said. "I beg of you please talk to others about what has happened to us."The LRA is led by self-declared mystic and prophet Joseph Kony who claims his insurgency -- which began in 1986 -- is aimed at replacing Uganda's government led by President Yoweri Museveni with a democracy based on the Bible's Ten Commandments.After being pushed out of Uganda in 2005 the LRA now operates in the remote border area between southern Sudan Congo and Central African Republic. In 2005 the International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants for senior LRA leaders for crimes they committed in northern Uganda but those indicted remain at large.The two commanders who perpetrated the December massacre report to one of those indicted leaders according to Human Rights Watch.The Makombo massacre is the deadliest documented attack by the LRA since killing sprees around Christmas 2008 left scores of Congolese dead but dozens of other attacks against civilians have been carried out in other areas in recent months Human Rights Watch said. (CNN) -- World number one Caroline Wozniacki suffered another morale-sapping defeat at the French Open as she was dumped out by 28th seed Daniela Hantuchova.The Dane who is yet to win a Grand Slam tournament was beaten 6-1 6-3 in just 73 minutes to extend her miserable run at Roland Garros.Her best performance in Paris was reaching the quarterfinals in 2009 and she struggled against Hantuchova from Slovakia who was competing in her 41st major.Hantuchova reeled off nine straight games to seal the opening set and take a commanding lead in the second but Woznaicki offered herself hope when she secured her first break to reduce the deficit to 4-2.But Hantuchova held serve twice to seal one of the biggest victories of her career and set up a meeting with 2009 champion Svetlana Kuznetsova in the last 16 after she beat Canadian Rebecca Marino 6-0 6-4.She played very well today, better than me for sure, Wozniacki told a press conference. "She knew what she wanted to do and I need to get back on the court and practice and come back stronger.Kim had a tough loss yesterday and I had a tough loss today and that's what can happen. Since we are number one and two we must be doing something right.

I am young and I get experience every time and you learn more from your losses than from your wins."After Wozniacki's exit and Kim Clijsters defeat on Thursday the trend for upsets continued as Australian 8th seed Samantha Stosur was beaten by unseeded Gisela Dulko.The Argentine set the tone by taking the first four games of the match and though she dropped the second set Stosur's 35 unforced errors counted as Dulko wrapped up the match.Afterwards she told a press conference she was dedicating her victory to her brother's twins Myla and Teo who were born overnight.Yesterday night I was awake really late, she said. "You know it was very emotional because I would have loved to be there but I'm here. The key to the match was to start well to be aggressive from the start

Stosur added: She seemed to be out ahead a little bit better and really kind of be the one dictating the points which for me I'm usually the one able to do that."Elsewhere defending champion and fifth seed Francesca Schiavone from Italy had no such trouble making the fourth round after her Chinese opponent Shuai Peng retired hurt with the score at 6-3 1-2.Russian third seed Vera Zvonareva beat Anastasia Rodionova from Austria 6-2 6-3 and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova the 14th seed triumphed over Nuria Llagostera Vives from Spain 3-6 6-3 6-3.Serb Jelena Jankovic the 10th seed beat Bethanie Mattek-Sands from the United States 6-2 6-2 while 11th seed Marion Bartoli from France beat Julia Goerges from Germany 3-6 6-2 6-4. (CNN) -- Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has survived another attempt to oust her from the job after no challengers emerged to vie for the leadership of the governing party and the country.In a short statement after the vote Gillard said she accepted the support of her colleagues "with a sense of deep humility and a sense of resolve."She said that leadership uncertainty that had been blighting the party in recent months was settled "in the most conclusive fashion possible."One hundred Labor caucus members had been due to vote but in the end no votes were cast because there were no candidates beyond Gillard for prime minister and Wayne Swan as her deputy.There was no vote because there were no opposing candidates, said ALP returning officer Chris Hayes.It puts beyond doubt the question of leadership in the Australian Labor Party, he added.Minutes before the meeting of Australian Labor Party (ALP) caucus members former leader Kevin Rudd made it clear that he would not be pitting himself against his former rival.I'm not prepared to dishonor my word, he told reporters. He was referring to comments he made last February after mounting an unsuccessful bid to depose Gillard. At the time he said he wouldn't try again.Rudd lost that poll 31 to Gillard's 71 but the decisive vote failed to end speculation about a leadership challenge amid a poor performance by the prime minister in public polls.Gillard called the vote for 4:30 p.m. local time (1:30 a.m. ET) after being pushed by long-time Labor minister Simon Crean.Crean called a press conference and dramatically challenged Rudd to stand up and bring an end to bitter infighting.I don't want any more games, I'm sick to death of it, it's about time he stood up and instead of having his camp leak things, actually have the courage of his conviction and his beliefs, Crean said.Before the vote Crean said he wouldn't be nominating himself as leader but would take the job of deputy. Until Thursday he was Minister for Regional Australia Regional Development and Local Government and Minister for the Arts.An uneasy tension has existed between Rudd and Gillard since his former deputy staged a successful bid to replace him in June 2010. Soon after she assigned him to the post of foreign minister.Gillard reinforced her claim to power by winning a general election in August 2010. However the vote produced the first hung parliament in Australia since 1940.The Welsh-born politician secured enough support from the Australian Greens Party and independents to form a minority government.However last month the Greens pulled their support with leader Christine Milne accusing the Gillard government of ''walking away from its agreement with the Greens and into the arms of the big miners.''The parties clashed over a number of issues not least a controversial mining tax and a move by the government to reject World Heritage Listing for the Tarkine wilderness in north west Tasmania.In January Gillard surprised the country by calling an election for September 14 the longest lead time for an Australian election in history.At the time experts warned the tactic could backfire. (CNN) -- Ryan Alexander Jenkins a reality TV contestant suspected in his wife's slaying was found hanging from a coat rack in a motel room in an apparent suicide according to Canadian officials.Police were hunting for Ryan Alexander Jenkins after the death of Jasmine Fiore.Staff at a motel in Hope British Columbia found Jenkins dead officials said.It was a man hanging by a belt from a coat rack, Kevin Walker the manager of the budget Thunderbird Motel told CNN affiliate CTV on Sunday.Walker said a woman about 20 to 25 years old dropped off Jenkins at the motel on Friday in a silver Chrysler PT Cruiser with Alberta tags. Police have not been able to identify the woman.  Watch how suspect found in hotel »Earlier Sunday Canadian authorities said they had credible information that Jenkins was in Canada and called on him to turn himself in. He was believed to be armed and dangerous.  Watch what led police to hotel room »The nude body of Jenkins' wife former swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore was found last weekend in Orange County California. CNN has not confirmed reports that the marriage was annulled.Fiore's body was found last Saturday in a Dumpster behind an apartment complex in Buena Park just outside Anaheim California. Her teeth had been extracted and fingers removed in what police said was an apparent attempt to conceal her identity.Law enforcement sources have told CNN that Fiore was identified through the serial numbers on her breast implants.Fiore lived in Los Angeles and was last seen alive in San Diego at a poker game with Jenkins the night before the body was found.Jenkins reported Fiore missing last Saturday night to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department authorities said.The body was identified Monday as Fiore. While the cause of death had not been confirmed a preliminary coroner's report indicated she was strangled.According to court records in Las Vegas Nevada Jenkins was charged in June with battery for allegedly striking Fiore in the arm with his fist.And in 2007 Jenkins pleaded guilty in Calgary Alberta Canada to assault in a separate case. He was sentenced to 15 months probation ordered to undergo counseling for domestic violence and sex addiction and to stay away from the person involved according to court records.Jenkins who appeared on the VH1 show "Megan Wants a Millionaire is from Calgary.

51Minds, which produced Megan Wants a Millionaire said Thursday in a written statement that it was not aware of Ryan Jenkins' record when it cast him.The company did have in place what it thought was a thorough vetting process that involved complete background checks by an outside company for all contestants on its shows, it said. "Clearly the process did not work properly in this case. 51 Minds is investigating what went wrong and taking steps to ensure that this sort of lapse never occurs again."CNN's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report. HONG KONG China (CNN) -- In the decade since the 1997 handover of Hong Kong to China local movie-makers have faced daunting changes in the industry. A trend of fewer films being produced each year in Hong Kong at the time of the handover has continued into the 21st century.Stephen Chow's "Shaolin Soccer" is one of Hong Kong's all-time top-grossing films.People in Hong Kong's industry point to several causes for the comparatively leaner times: a lack of opportunities for new acting talent inadequate training and schooling for people who produce movies and changing tastes within the Hong Kong public.At the same time local film-makers have had to refocus their cameras for a new audience: mainland China.The Hong Kong film industry came to a rude awakening [in the late 1990s] that the world was changing faster than it was in the age of new delivery systems for home entertainment and the Internet, says Bede Cheng a local film archivist and curator. "Unfortunately it seemed to be blinded by the 'golden age' of the '80s where any film could easily rack in over $1.3 million."The box office numbers are sobering. In the early 1990s Hong Kong released around 200 local features a year. By 1997 that number dropped to 85 films grossing $69 million according to the Hong Kong Kowloon and New Territories Motion Picture Industry Association (MPIA).By 2006 those figures slumped to 51 films grossing $37 million. Ten years ago the top 10 grossing films accounted for 47 percent of the total box-office return; today the portion is 58 percent.1997, unfortunately, coincides with the beginning of the collapse of the local film industry -- a well-documented fact, says screenwriter Jimmy Ngai. "On the other hand it also commenced the opening up of the mainland market.The result is that the industry has grown more and more accustomed to looking north for both investment and box return -- nothing political, but more of a survival instinct. What needs not to be spelt out for film-makers venturing north is that one plays according to what goes with the territory.The new Chinese market has translated into an emphasis in contrasts of Hong Kong-made films says film archivist Cheng.Today production is down, with many majors like Chinastar and Golden Harvest scaling back, he says. "Most films are high-end productions with big stars or low-end made with a shoestring budget for an easier return.The number of screens is also down, with the consolidation of more multiplexes, usually owned or partly owned by distributors, which already have a steady supply of foreign films to fill the screens. Some once video distributors like Mei Ah and Universe have gone into production as a way to keep the pipeline flowing.In 2006 Hong Kong closed five small cinemas and re-opened one multiplex. Gary Mak director of Broadway Cinematheque -- Hong Kong's last-remaining alternative-screening venue -- remains optimistic about more adventurous programming and distribution. But Mak points to a shortage of creativity in the local industry.No talents, no formal training, in most areas such as script-writing, directing, acting, etc, he says. "Even the independent scene still needs more real talents -- or at least real producers to pull together a really good project."Tim Youngs Hong Kong consultant for Italy's Far East Film Festival says changing tastes among Hong Kong movie-goers has also affected the industry.Audiences have become increasingly dismissive of local movies, often referring to them as poor quality, and there are much fewer paying cinemagoers these days.

So the hometown audience shows less support for local movies whether by not seeing local films or opting for piracy while the declining number of films means less opportunities for film-makers fewer chances to try out new things and damage to confidence."Elizabeth Kerr film critic and curator formerly based in Seoul South Korea agrees with Youngs' assessment.For all the risk-taking businessmen out there [in Hong Kong], no one is willing to put their money where their mouth is and throw in some support.

The industry for the most part suffers from the cleave between that fluff -- which makes money -- and the more adult film-making of the smaller studios distributors and indies."How is South Korea's film industry different from its Hong Kong counterpart? "The drive to attain world adoration Kerr says. Koreans truly believe they're making great art all the time. South Korea launched an active campaign on all levels -- corporate government education -- to train and cultivate a modern film industry."Still Kerr sees reason for optimism. Films that best retain a Hong Kong style Kerr maintains likely carry "Category III" (under 18 not allowed) ratings: Movies that are "grown up and smart she says.

Even if the films don't work someone tried."In the end it may be culture that poses one of the greatest challenges for Hong Kong's movie industry.Around 1997, like lots of Hong Kong people, I kind of lost myself, says independent film-maker Chan Wing-chiu. "The film industry was already almost dead in the '90s. Why work for a sunset industry?"Chan's own first feature in 2005 "A Side B Side Sea Side includes a scene with a gaggle of girls on Hong Kong's Cheung Chau island who are unable to communicate in Chinese with an Australian man speaking fluent Mandarin. The two parties end up conversing in English.

That's me says Chan, referring to the girls. I speak English better than Putonghua [China's official common language also known as Mandarin]. Many Chinese say that now that Hong Kong is part of China Hong Kong people must learn Putonghua. I disagree. In Hong Kong we all speak Cantonese. Hong Kong already has a bad reputation for Putonghua but I don't feel ashamed. I'm proud to have grown up during the transition between 1997 and SAR.Why do we have so many problems with China? Because our language, our culture, our values, our way of thinking are different. So we are not good at speaking Putonghua. Even in the cinema, we see Western movies, Japanese movies, Korean movies... but not many Chinese movies.Adds independent director Yan-yan Mak: "We are monsters. China says: 'You are not Chinese.' Gweilos [Hong Kong slang for Caucasians] say: 'You are Chinese.' After 1997 we lost the confidence to be Hong Kong people." E-mail to a friend Islamabad Pakistan (CNN) -- Bomb blasts in Pakistan rocked three police buildings near Lahore police told CNN on Wednesday.Police chief Ghulam Mehmood Dogar said the three bombs were planted on Tuesday night at a police station an office of a senior police official and a police barracks.They were detonated by remote control this morning in the city of Gujranwala 70 kilometers northwest of Lahore Dogar said.Three police officers were injured and parts of the buildings were damaged.The first two explosions happened within 30 minutes of one another and the third bomb was detonated about three hours later.Gujranwala has been largely free of the militant violence plaguing parts of Pakistan.Police said there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attacks.On Monday two people were injured when in back to back explosions at police stations in the southern port city of Karachi.Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report (CNN)Manchester City and Ivory Coast football star Yaya Toure has called on the media to be more respectful in its attitude towards religion after the Charlie Hebdo attack.Twelve people were killed by brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi at the French satirical magazine's offices last week with the gunmen reportedly yelling "We have avenged the Prophet" while carrying out the attack.While Toure -- a Muslim himself -- advocates freedom of speech he feels news outlets also have responsibilities.As a Muslim I always believe in the way people can say what they want to say, he told CNN's Amanda Davies.But for me, the most important thing is that we know something that sometimes the newspaper is doing a lot -- and they're trying to do too much, and sometimes they do it not with respect.Everybody has his point of view -- everybody has something to say about that, Toure added. "Of course it's a newspaper trying to say something. But sometimes it hurts people."Depicting Mohammed is offensive to many Muslims and the magazine's past cartoons of the prophet apparently motivated the attackers in last week's slaughter.The City midfielder says he was disappointed to hear of the attack on Charlie Hebdo -- and he now fears for the safety of his Muslim friends in the French capital.Currently on international duty with Ivory Coast ahead of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations which begins this week Toure spent a season playing in the French Ligue 1 with Monaco in 2006-07.When you hear something like that it's a bit disappointing, he said referring to the attack on the Charlie Hebdo office. "I feel very sorry for the families -- they lost their friend father or their husband you know.Of course I have a friend in Paris, I have people who I work with. You get a bit confused, a bit afraid, because, as a Muslim, I have a friend and they are Muslim as well and I'm afraid of what is going to happen.The latest Charlie Hebdo issue has also been highly controversial largely because on its cover is an illustration of a tearful Prophet Mohammed holding up an "I am Charlie" sign accompanied by the words "All is forgiven."The new cover was met with mixed emotions -- with some calling it a bold example of free speech and others criticizing it as needlessly offensive to Muslims. (CNN) -- The phenomenal success of "Modern Family" has been a game changer for its entire cast including actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson.The show's high ratings three consecutive Emmy wins for outstanding comedy series and broad fan base have given all its stars a massive platform. Ferguson is using his for a cause that's both political and personal: the fight to legalize same-sex marriage.The 37-year-old Montana native doesn't just play Mitch a gay man in a loving committed relationship on TV; in a way he is Mitch. After dating for more than two years Ferguson and his boyfriend Justin Mikita decided to take the next step. During a recent trip to Mexico Ferguson "popped the big Q." Mikita said yes.After much consideration and debate the newly engaged couple decided to go public with their private news not because they don't enjoy their privacy -- they certainly do -- but because in doing so they knew they could shine a light on a cause dear to their hearts.Ferguson and Mitka started the Tie the Knot foundation. Its mission is simple: sell bow ties to raise money for marriage equality. The "Modern Family" actor recently spoke with CNN about his organization.CNN: When you go to www.tietheknot.org the first thing you see is a hilarious video of you and Justin announcing your engagement.Jesse Tyler Fergusson: I feel like when you tackle any subject with comedy humor and wits you're going to get a lot further than if you just give the dry facts of the cause.CNN: It definitely gets your attention. It couldn't have been an easy decision to put your private life out there like that.Ferguson: We kind of felt like the only way to legitimize why we wanted to do this was to announce that we were actually engaged. It made me very nervous; I didn't want to exploit something that was very personal and private between Justin and me. But in the context of our foundation it felt like (it was) the right time to tell people.CNN: My favorite part was your struggle with labeling your relationship.Ferguson: I hate "lover"! I think it sounds so pretentious and like that "Saturday Night Live" skit with Will Ferrell and Rachel Dratch in the hot tub eating turkey. I've always found the term fiance in gay or straight relationships to be completely strange. It doesn't sound English or American at all. I love calling Justin "the lover I've taken on but he doesn't care for that. So I just say boyfriend." I think there's something really sweet and innocent about it.CNN: A lot of boyfriends and girlfriends in Maine Maryland and Washington got some good news on Election Day when same-sex marriage was legalized in those states by popular vote.Ferguson: I have such mixed feelings about it. Obviously I'm so happy these states won marriage equality. It's also very tough for me. I went through it with Proposition 8 (in California) seeing the majority vote on the minority's rights. It's incredibly hard to swallow. I just feel like it shouldn't be up to the majority to vote on a minority's civil rights.I'm thrilled that we are slowly making progress and we have to make progress however we can. But I do look forward to the day we stop putting it in the hands of the states and make it a national thing. This is America and (marriage equality) should be part of the "United" part of our country.CNN: What do you see as the biggest challenge between where things are now and the protection of same-sex marriage under federal law?Ferguson: We're in a great place. There's a forward movement on this issue and for many young Americans it's a nonissue. But one stumbling block is the lack of education about marriage equality.I feel like there's a fear that the definition of marriage will be changed. Nobody's looking to change the meaning of what it means to be married. We just want to add to who has the right. It's the same thing as women wanting the right to vote. They weren't going to change the meaning of going to the polls and putting the card in the ballot; they just wanted the right to vote.CNN: And whether you're voting or getting married who doesn't like to wear a nice bow tie right? Why did you pick this accessory as the cornerstone of your foundation?Ferguson: I selfishly wanted to get involved in the fashion world anyway but in a way that didn't feel like a huge undertaking. So I thought about what I like to wear and also what is literally the smallest piece of clothing I could possibly design. So we came up with the bow-tie line. It was Justin's idea to incorporate it into the foundation. We thought -- why don't we kill two birds with one stone? We'll start a bow-tie line and funnel the proceeds into a foundation for marriage equality. Then Justin came up with the idea of Tie the Knot which just perfectly marries those two ideas.CNN: I think people will appreciate the symbolism. Also it matches your character in "Modern Family." I imagine your cast mates have been supportive. The chemistry there really seems to go beyond the set. Is that the case?Ferguson: I mean it really is. People are always trying to test us and break us and find out the darkness but there's really nothing to tell. We're kind of on this roller coaster together and it's a very bonding experience.We're watching our families grow. I've gotten engaged since meeting these people. Ty (Burell) has had two kids. Julie (Bowen) had twins. Sofia (Vergara) got engaged. We'll go to a birthday party or get together at someone's house and bring our husbands wives fiances boyfriends and girlfriends and it feels like a huge extended family.CNN: I bet when one of your family members finds themselves at the center of a crazy headline or serious crisis you all react. Do you turn into Papa Bear?Ferguson: There's obviously some sense of protection because we know being (in) the media's eye how vulnerable that can be when you're going through something. So we all rally around one another and protect one another. We're always checking in with one another and some walls definitely go up to protect some people. It's exactly what you would expect from people who have your back.CNN: I can only imagine what a "Modern Family" gay wedding will be like. I bet you and Justin get asked a lot when the big day is.Ferguson: About once a day! We're in the process of planning it. It could be as early as this spring and it could be the following spring. We're kind of waiting for some pieces to fall into place and to see what my work schedule is like next summer. I'm also really excited to be married. I don't want to have a three-year engagement. I proposed to Justin because I wanted to be married. I don't want to be a professional engaged person.CNN: Are you planning something more traditional or dare I say modern?Ferguson: Well we're not going to be redefining the marriage ceremony. I grew up Catholic but don't practice any longer. I haven't been to the Catholic Church in years so I would feel really weird to try and bring in those traditions -- it's just not us. It's going to be a very nontraditional very organic very simple ceremony. We're not going to have a wedding party or try to find someone amazing to officiate. I think it will be a very short very sweet and simple and hopefully beautiful ceremony. I don't even have any gay friends who have gotten married but several of my straight friends had very untraditional weddings and those have always been my favorite.CNN: Have you decided about starting a family?Ferguson: It's something we've talked about. It's one of those early date questions. "Do you want kids?" And we both do. But I'm just excited to get married and sit in the marriage place for a little while. I don't want to jump into kids right away. But yeah we both really want kids very much. (CNN) -- An ex-convict a mobster a serial killer -- after more than two decades in the movie business Ray Liotta is still perhaps best known for these "bad guy" roles in such films as "Something Wild" and "GoodFellas."Ray Liotta (right) co-stars with Seth Rogen in "Observe and Report which opened Friday.

But in his most recent film, Observe and Report" -- a dark comedy co-starring Seth Rogen as a bipolar mall security guard and Anna Faris as the vapid make-up counter clerk he's in love with -- Liotta inches away from his edgy persona to play a detective investigating a flashing incident at the mall.A flasher keeps flashing people at the mall, so they call in the 'real police,' which is me, Liotta told the Columbus Dispatch. "The last thing I want to do is investigate."The film which opened in theaters Friday and has earned rave reviews by critics is not Liotta's first comedic undertaking. The 54-year-old actor also starred in 2007's "Wild Hogs a comedy co-starring Tim Allen and John Travolta about a group of middle-aged suburban men who decide to become bikers. The film was one of that year's surprise hits, taking in more than $150 million at the domestic box office.  See some of the highlights of Liotta's career »

Liotta first made his mark on the film industry by playing a psychotic ex-husband determined to win back his ex-wife in Something Wild." The role propelled Liotta to fame and earned him a Golden Globe nomination for best supporting actor.From there Liotta starred as mobster Henry Hill in the Martin Scorsese classic "Goodfellas" (1990) working alongside renowned actors Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci.Edgy guys stand out in people's minds, Liotta said of his famous "bad guy" roles according to the Dispatch.But to avoid being typecast as the "bad guy" forever Liotta decided to break from the mold in his next role as a caring father in the heartwarming film "Corrina Corrina" (1994) co-starring Whoopi Goldberg.Liotta soon proved that acting was not his only forte. He formed his own production company in 2002 and made his debut as a producer on the film "Narc in which he also starred as a corrupt cop.

He's also earned plaudits for his television work. In 2004, Liotta starred in an episode of the hit NBC drama, ER winning an Emmy for his guest appearance. The actor got his start on daytime TV, playing the character Joey Perrini on the soap Another World."With several films currently in production Liotta shows no signs of stopping. The actor told the Dispatch that he hopes to try his hand at romance in the future joking that he'd like to "kiss the girl without having to choke her first."CNN's David Daniel contributed to this story. Ten years ago I was one of a small number of UK lawyers who opposed the invasion of Iraq on the grounds that it was illegal and unauthorised by the United Nations. We were all strong advocates of the notion that the rule of law was the bedrock of any civilised and democratic society. Without it our lives would be subject to a free for all in which might becomes right.The embodiment of the rule of law internationally has been the U.N. Charter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights -- direct results of the devastation inflicted by the Nazi regime in Germany during the Second World War. No one wanted a repeat of such flagrant aggression so the Charter was drawn up to replace gunboat diplomacy with peaceful measures overseen by the U.N. Security Council.This was not a new vision. In 1945 the U.N. Charter was ratified by the U.S. the UK and the majority of the 50 states who had originally agreed to this framework. Thrashed out by experts and with massive support behind it the document was no maverick outlandish or oddball agreement. The Charter is not gobbledygook -- it is full of common sense and it should be obligatory reading in every school.OPINION: Why Iraq War was fought for oilArticle 1 makes clear that the main purpose of the U.N. is to "maintain international peace and security and to that end to take effective collective measures for the prevention and removal of threats to the peace" and to act in accordance with justice and the principles of international law.It is for the U.N. to determine what collective measures should be taken -- not for individual states to take unilateral or bilateral action. This is not rocket science but the simple application of restraint and respect for the rules that Britain and America agreed to when they signed the Charter.But this is not what happened 10 years ago at the behest of U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair. Their agenda was quite different -- to remove a dictator Saddam Hussein whose regime was abhorrent.But regime change however desirable is not permitted by the Charter. If it were the powerful nations could go round the world picking off the weak -- or more particularly the states thought to be hostile to their own ambitions.In case some politicians found it difficult to understand all this Article 2(4) spelled it out in unequivocal terms: "All Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state".Everyone recognised there might have to be exceptions to this rule but the Charter specifically does not authorize preemptive nor preventative action(i.e. getting in first) on the basis of a perceived future threat.INTERACTIVE: How has the war changed you?The only way around this predicament was for the Bush-Blair axis to fabricate a case of threat. This they did by the knowing manipulation of flawed intelligence about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq (which were never found) and the bogus claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy such WMD within a 45-minute window.This argument which was false became the main basis for invasion because the only other route to war had been closed off by international law. The U.N. has the power to authorise military intervention once all other options have been exhausted and the peace and stability of a region is in jeopardy. At the time it became a debate about whether Iraq satisfied these criteria by its failure to abide by U.N. resolutions concerning disarmament.The principal Security Council resolution 1441 adopted in November 2002 called on Iraq to disarm its WMD and cooperate with U.N. weapons inspectors. The Council made clear they continued to be in charge but had not authorised the use of force in Iraq.EXCLUSIVE: Hans Blix on 'terrible mistake' in IraqTony Blair insisted to the British public that he would only support a war if a second Security Council resolution authorising the action was passed but the resolution never came. Bush and Blair realised they would never get one and so they prepared to go it alone with a cobbled together coalition. Troops had already been committed on the ground. There was no going back.This was why Bush and Blair were not prepared to allow the weapons inspectors who were in Iraq any more time. Inspectors had found no evidence of WMD in the lead-up to the war and never did but were ordered to go home.I am not alone in these views. There is a substantial consensus of international legal opinion which recognises the illegality of the invasion. Kofi Annan then the U.N. Secretary General told the BBC in 2004 that the Charter had been breached and that the invasion was not sanctioned by the Security Council.FULL COVERAGE: The Iraq War 10 years onIn the UK we are still waiting for the results of a public inquiry into the circumstances in which the decision to go to war was taken. Blair never wanted this inquiry but was forced by the power of the victims' families and public opinion to accede. So far two years have gone by while the government has obstructed disclosure and publication. It is intolerable and inexcusable.I believe George W. Bush and Tony Blair should be tried for war crimes as defined by international law.In 1998 the International Criminal Court was established to deal with individuals who commit international crimes. Four transgressions were agreed -- war crimes crimes against humanity genocide and the crime of aggression. Unfortunately only the first three have been brought into effect. The UK to their credit signed up to the court. But the U.S. did not lest its leaders end up accused of crimes before the court.ARWA DAMON: Iraq suffocates in cloak of sorrowWhilst the act of aggression cannot be prosecuted war crimes committed thereafter can be. So for example to launch an attack like the invasion of Iraq with the knowledge that its effect is likely to cause incidental death or injury to civilians or the natural environment (Article 8) will render the perpetrator liable to prosecution. The use of cluster bombs and depleted uranium in Iraq by coalition forces (euphemistically called collateral damage) upon vulnerable civilians falls within this definition. As a result a legal consortium of which I was a part and other groups in Europe petitioned the ICC for action against UK politicians over their involvement in the war. Nothing has happened.Getting U.S leaders hauled before the court is even more problematic -- the Security Council could refer Americans to the court but the U.S. is a permanent Council member and can veto any potential referral.Alternatively individual member states could incorporate these crimes of universal jurisdiction into their own domestic law. Then if a U.S. perpetrator of war crimes travelled into that country's jurisdiction they could be arrested.The UK has such a provision but when put to the test by UK citizens seeking arrest warrants in relation to the planned visits of Israeli political and military leaders -- who were potentially responsible for war crimes in Gaza -- the UK government reprehensibly placed impediments in the way of its future use. So George W. Bush can safely plan a visit for tea with Tony Blair in London without fear of prosecution in the UK.The whole episode regarding the Iraq War is a tawdry tale that has subverted the rule of law and tarnished the reputation of international law.Without accountability for Western states how can we expect the rest of world to respect these principles? It is time for Bush and Blair to be thoroughly independently and judicially investigated for the crimes I suggest have been committed and it is time for the crime of aggression to come into force.Until this is redressed la lotta continua! LONDON England (CNN) -- London commuters crammed onto buses scrambled for taxis cycled or simply walked on Wednesday as a strike by Tube workers shut down most of the subway network.Commuters queue for packed buses in London on Wednesday morning.The strike began Tuesday at 7 p.m. (2 p.m. ET) but the first full effects were felt during Wednesday's morning commute. The strike was set to last for 48 hours with a normal service resuming Friday morning according to Transport for London (TfL) which runs the city's transportation network.The RMT trade union called the strike after talks with management over pay job cuts and disciplinary issues broke down.RMT doesn't resort to industrial action lightly, General Secretary Bob Crow said in a statement. "The fact is that Tube workers have been driven into walking out today."Transport Commissioner Peter Hardy said the talks had been making progress on all issues and he urged the RMT to return to the table.The RMT leadership says we were close to a deal, Hardy said in a statement. "If that is the case then they should call off the strike return to talks ... and resolve this issue without any more disruption to Londoners."TfL was running extra buses and free shuttle services across the River Thames during the strike. Electronic travel cards used for the TfL network were temporarily being allowed on all train lines in greater London it said.While most services on the Tube were shut because of the strike one line -- the Northern line -- was running normally and five others were running on a reduced schedule TfL said.It's been really good, a girl on Oxford Street told CNN about her commute. "The Northern line is running perfectly."Still some bus services were packed with commuters who normally ride the underground trains or who failed to find a taxi.I think we'd all like to strike for more money, but unfortunately we can't, said one woman at Oxford Circus where the Tube is closed.Others hit the pavement and walked.It's OK -- quite refreshing, said a man on Regent Street. He said he had just walked from Liverpool Street Station a train station as well as a Tube stop that is more than 2.5 miles away.The RMT represents about half of the 20000 employees on the Tube a TfL spokeswoman said. Other unions including Unite and TSSA represent the rest she said and were not on strike. (CNN) -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir arrived in neighboring South Sudan on Monday for talks on unrest in the latter nation that has left hundreds dead.He flew into the airport in the capital of Juba before heading to the presidential palace to meet his South Sudan counterpart President Salva Kiir.The two later held a joint news conference with al-Bashir stressing readiness to support South Sudan according to the official Sudan News Agency.Al-Bashir's visit comes as rival parties in the South Sudan power struggle work to find a solution to the violence.Meanwhile talks between South Sudan's government and rebels began Monday in Addis Ababa Ethiopia. Those negotiations were delayed last week.The two delegations appreciated the gravity of the situation and the need and urgency of resolving the crisis in South Sudan. They reminded themselves of the long-drawn liberation struggle that culminated in the independence of their country. They regretted the unfortunate situation which the current conflict has brought, read a statement from the Intergovernmental Authority on Development an East African trade bloc helping to mediate between the parties.Talks are expected to pick up again on Tuesday.The negotiations "come not a moment too soon African Union Chairwoman Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma said in a statement.

Not a single day can be lost in the search for peace in South Sudan. Stopping the fighting in South Sudan is not only a humanitarian imperative but also a strategic necessity in order to halt the rapid descent of Africa's newest nation into collapse."South Sudan erupted in violence on December 15 when rebels loyal to ousted Vice President Riek Machar tried to stage a coup.Since then militia members loyal to the ousted leader have battled government forces. Violence quickly spread with reports of mass killings emerging nationwide.As teams from both sides are negotiating fighting rages.Three weeks of fighting have left more than 1000 people dead and forced 200000 from their homes officials say.South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war making it the world's youngest nation.Despite the split al-Bashir has a stake in the talks.Though South Sudan and Sudan divorced they still have unresolved oil issues.Prolonged fighting has cut South Sudan's oil output affecting both economies.Heed the warnings: Genocide and Rwanda's lessons for South SudanCNN's Samira Said and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Environmentalists in Vietnam were ebullient this week after remote cameras in a forest reserve snapped pictures of a live saola one of the rarest large mammals on Earth.At most a few hundred -- and as few as a couple dozen -- of the animals are thought to exist. Because of that rarity and its elusiveness the saola is dubbed the "Asian unicorn." That moniker comes despite the fact it has two closely spaced parallel horns.These are the most important wild animal photographs taken in Asia, and perhaps the world, in at least the past decade, said William Robichaud coordinator of the Saola Working Group of the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Species Survival Commission in a World Wildlife Fund press release.Scientists discover new species in Australian rainforestThis is an historic moment in Vietnam's efforts to protect our extraordinary biodiversity, Dang Dinh Nguyen deputy head of the country's Quang Nam Forest Protection Department said in the release.The picture of the animal was taken in September in a reserve in the Central Annamite Mountains and announced by the WWF on Tuesday.441 species discovered in Amazon since 2010Van Ngoc Thinh WWF-Vietnam's country director called the picture "a breath-taking discovery."When our team first looked at the photos we couldn't believe our eyes. Saola are the holy grail for Southeast Asian conservationists, Van said in a press release.The saola which is a relative of cattle but looks like an antelope was first discovered in 1992 in forests along the Vietnam-Laos border. A WWF survey team found a skull of the animal in a hunter's home. In Vietnam a saola was last seen in the wild in 1998. In Laos a remote camera snapped a picture of one in the wild in 1999. And in 2010 Laotian villagers captured a saola that died before word got to researchers.Olinguito: The newest rare mammal speciesThere are no saola in captivity.Environmentalists said Wednesday the pictures show that efforts to save the saola are working.Saola are caught in wire snares set by hunters to catch other animals, such as deer and civets, which are largely destined for the lucrative illegal wildlife trade, Van said in the WWF release. "Since 2011 forest guard patrols ... have removed more than 30000 snares from this critical saola habitat and destroyed more than 600 illegal hunters' camps."New legless lizards found in California'Chewbacca bat' other bizarre species found in national park Gaza City (CNN) -- With the latest failed cease-fire quickly becoming a distant memory the two sides in the Israel-Gaza conflict traded rockets and airstrikes Saturday -- as well as blame for not stopping the bloodshed.Israeli airstrikes killed at least five more people in Gaza on Saturday the official Palestinian news agency WAFA reported.The area around central Gaza's Qassam mosque in particular was a frenzy of activity as medical workers sifted through rubble there. WAFA claimed that Israeli fighter jets struck that mosque and another killing at least three people.Less than a mile away from the Qassam mosque a strike killed two men riding on a motorbike Palestinian Health Ministry spokesman Dr. Ashraf el-Qedra said. Israel's military confirmed the strike saying the two men were militants.El-Qedra added Saturday night that a 13-year-old girl died in an airstrike on her family home in Rafah. That was in addition to a 10-year-old boy who died while playing with friends the Palestinian health ministry said.Then again Israel is on the defensive as well.The Israel Defense Forces said that since the end of the cease-fire early Friday about 100 rockets were fired toward Israel from Gaza.That figure includes at least 30 launched Saturday of which 24 hit Israel the military said.The IDF responded by targeting "some 120 terror sites and nine terror operatives."All this back-and-forth of course is nothing new.The Israelis and Palestinians -- particularly Hamas the Islamic militant group and political party that controls Gaza -- have been at it for weeks with the former fending off persistent rocket attacks and the latter dealing with relentless Israeli strikes.There have been efforts to halt the bloodshed as well as to broach some of the thorny issues related to it. And there have been some breakthroughs including a few cease-fires.Yet none of those peacemaking attempts so far has stuck.Death toll's rise slowsThe death toll's climb has slowed since IDF announced overnight into Saturday an end of its ground incursion in Gaza -- even as it continued to strike from the air. Israeli forces say troops redeployed after completed their mission of destroying Hamas' tunnels.Still while there weren't scores of dead Saturday as has been true many other days over the past few weeks the total carnage remains significant.According to el-Qedra at least 1911 in Gaza have died since the conflict began in addition to just under 10000 injured.It's unclear how many casualties were militants: The United Nations estimates that about 70% of the dead were civilians or about 1340. IDF meanwhile says about 900 militants have been killed which would put the civilian death toll at around 1000.IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said that that number was a preliminary estimate based on field reports from troops returning from battle.Israeli officials say 64 Israeli soldiers have died and three civilians were killed in Israel. The Iron Dome missile defense system has intercepted many of the rockets Gazan militants have fired at populated areas of the country.Blame game continuesBesides the violence another thing that hasn't stopped is the blame game.One point of contention: who broke the most recent cease-fire hours before it was supposed to run out?Hamas denied firing rockets into Israel on Friday.Yet militants from Islamic Jihad and the Al-Nasser Salah al-Din Brigades admitted to doing just that -- blaming Israel for refusing to accept their demands during negotiations.Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said it was Hamas' fault regardless telling CNN the group runs Gaza and "can't outsource terrorism to the other groups. When they want to enforce a cease-fire they do it very well."Hamas has been in charge of the Palestinian government in Gaza for years while the Palestinian faction Fatah runs the government in the West Bank. The two groups have been at odds but also made repeated efforts at a unity government including one earlier this year.One sad irony of all this bloodshed is that -- according to the Egyptian foreign ministry which brokered recent talks -- the parties have reached an agreement on most issues. Those not agreed upon were few and limited the ministry said in a statement.Still there's too much history to show that agreement on some issues will not necessarily lead to a grander breakthrough.The Palestinians have asked for Israel to lift its blockade on Gaza and to re-open the air and seaports a Palestinian negotiation who spoke on condition of anonymity said. Israeli authorities fear Hamas could import weapons by sea and maintains a ship blockade off Gaza's shores.Palestinians also wanted Israel to extend Gaza's fishing zone in the Mediterranean from three miles off the coast to 20. Fishing is a keystone of Gazan livelihoods. But Israel was willing to extend fishing rights to only six miles off the coast said Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri.Yet Israel is resisting in-depth talks as long as rockets continue to head toward its territory.After Gazan rocket fire on Friday Israel's Foreign Ministry said the country "will not conduct negotiations while under fire."CNN exclusive: Inside the mind of Hamas' political leaderNobel laureate Wiesel: Hamas must stop using children as human shieldsGaza conflict: Can economic isolation ever be reversed?Life in Gaza: Misery heightened by warCNN's John Vause reported from Gaza Matthew Chance reported from Jerusalem; Ben Brumfield and Greg Botelho wrote and reported from Atlanta. CNN's Jethro Mullen Ali Younes Tal Heinrich Jake Tapper and Samira Said also contributed to this report. (CNN)At least 10 people and two attackers were killed in Tuesday's attack against the luxurious Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli Libya a spokesman for a security division of the Ministry of Interior in Tripoli said.Five foreigners -- one American one French citizen and three people from Tajikistan -- were killed in the attack Essam al-Naas said. Five Libyans were killed.The Libyan branch of ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks and released photos of the two gunmen it said had carried out the attacks as Abu Ibraheem Al-Tunsi and Abu Sulaiman Al-Sudani. Their naming convention indicates that the men were of Tunisian and Sudanese origin respectively.Al-Naas said it appears the attackers were Libyans.American contractor David Berry was among the people killed in a terrorist attack at the Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli Libya on Tuesday according to Cliff Taylor chief executive officer of Crucible a security firm where Berry was working.The FBI is expected to open an investigation into the incident two U.S. officials told CNN. A State Department official confirmed the death of a U.S. citizen but would provide no further information.A French citizen was among those killed according to the French Foreign Ministry.Al-Naas earlier said at least two Libyan security personnel had been killed in the attack and that three gunmen were holed up in the hotel.An online group that supports ISIS said the attack was carried out in the name of Abu Anas al-Libi.Al-Libi was an alleged al Qaeda operative accused of involvement in the bombing of U.S. embassies in Africa. He was captured by U.S. special forces in Libya. He died in a U.S. hospital this month.A spokesman for the Corinthia Group in Malta told CNN there had not been a hostage situation in the hotel as some reports suggested.We are trying to take possession of the hotel back to assess the damage, he said but Libyan security forces were not yet allowing that.The attack began when militants detonated a car bomb in the parking lot of the hotel. The gunmen then shot their way into the hotel.Guests were evacuated to safety however. The five-star hotel is popular among government officials some of whom reside there.A witness to the events told CNN that all roads leading to the Corinthia Hotel had been sealed by security forces.People were warned to stay away the witness said adding that there had been exchanges of gunfire.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report. Washington (CNN) -- The sister of presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. testified Tuesday that she has seen no sign that her brother represents a danger to himself or others.Diane Sims who said she loves her brother said she supports a proposal that would expand his visits to their mother's home in Williamsburg Virginia and might eventually allow him to live there as a full-time outpatient.But she said she does not think it would be a good option for him to move to the Dallas area where she lives.President Bush lives not 10 minutes from me and I think it would be a concern, said Sims apparently referring to concerns the Secret Service might have. Former President George W. Bush and his wife Laura moved to Dallas after they left the White House.Sims said she has no worries that Hinckley would be a risk to others in Dallas. U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman asked if it is accurate she is worried about her brother's personal safety in Dallas since that is the city where President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963.That's a concern to me, Sims said quietly. She also said she thinks a move to Dallas would place Hinckley too far away from the medical experts who have cared for him for many years.Hinckley's sister testified on the fourth day of a multiple-day hearing to discuss his future. Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the 1981 shootings of President Ronald Reagan press secretary James Brady Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy and police officer Thomas Delahanty. All of those men survived though Brady was shot in the head and left permanently disabled.Hinckley was staying at the home of his sister and her husband in Dallas on October 13 1980 when according to testimony in his 1982 trial he went to a pawn shop to buy two .22-caliber revolvers one of which he used to shoot Reagan and the others five months later.Only days before the purchase three guns had been confiscated from Hinckley's luggage while he was trying to board a plane in Nashville. Hinckley posted bond was released and flew to New York City then spent the night in New Haven Connecticut where actress Jodie Foster was a college freshman student.He flew to Dallas to stay that weekend at his sister's home while she and her husband were away at a football game. On that Monday Hinckley told her he was going out to look for a job but unknown to her he bought the guns instead.The gun purchase was not mentioned in court Tuesday and the government has not said it would be more dangerous for Hinckley to live in Dallas than anywhere else.Since his conviction Hinckley has been living in St. Elizabeths a government mental hospital in Washington.But in recent years he's been allowed to visit his mother's home with increasing frequency. Currently he spends 10 days a month in Williamsburg. Under the proposal made by St. Elizabeths he would be granted two visits of 17 days each followed by six visits of 24 days.The hospital's recommendation for Hinckley's eventual release on convalescent leave asks the judge to allow Hinckley to live full time in Williamsburg "at the discretion of the hospital" once the eight longer visits have been completed successfully.The report was filed with the court under seal on July 29 and was not made public until Tuesday.The doctors signing the report said such leave would be permitted only upon an assessment at the end of the new visits that "Mr. Hinckley is experiencing a good mental status and that he does not present as [sic] a danger to himself or others."If so the recommendation said Hinckley would be "conditionally released to reside permanently on convalescent leave."He would be required to meet at least once a month with a psychiatrist who is already counseling him in Williamsburg and to continue his weekly visits to a therapist there. He would also be expected to continue his volunteer activities at Eastern State Hospital.However the filing said should Hinckley violate the terms of his convalescent leave "the hospital will return him to total inpatient care with due notification of the court."If the judge were to grant convalescent leave at the hospital's discretion at the end of the eight longer visits now requested it would be unlikely to happen until at least the fall of 2012 since as the filing requires a minimum two-week interval between each of the new visits.Hinckley would be expected at the outset to live with his widowed mother who is turning 86 this week and is in good health.However the hospital said should his "mother not be available" after Hinckley's release his brother and sister had expressed interest "in the housing options of independent apartments as well as Assisted Living Facilities... in the Williamsburg area."Sims often spends time in Williamsburg when Hinckley is there and drives him back to St. Elizabeths.She was asked many questions about how the 56-year-old fits into the Virginia community. She said he feels comfortable there and has indicated he wants to stay there even when his elderly mother is no longer there.According to Sims Hinckley likes working part time in the library of Eastern State Hospital and is comfortable with the psychiatrist and case manager/therapist he sees while in Williamsburg.Under questioning Sims acknowledged the family does not permit a woman identified in court only as CB to visit the Hinckley home. Hinckley at one time told some of his caregivers at St. Elizabeths that he was engaged to CB who had been a patient there. Hinckley later ended the engagement doctors have said.Prosecutors described CB as being psychologically unstable and asked if it was accurate Hinckley's mother does not allow her to visit for fear she would have a mental breakdown at the home. Sims said that is the case.Sims said her brother never told the family he was engaged and -- quite to the contrary -- has said he's not engaged and has no plans to marry the woman. She said she is aware her brother still sees CB sometimes when the woman visits St. Elizabeths.Previously the court heard testimony that Sims had taken her brother to a singles group meeting in Williamsburg a number of years ago and he was asked to leave.Sims said she wanted to set the record straight about what happened. She and her brother believed members of the group knew they were coming but that was not the case she said. The group was surprised to see Hinckley there she said. But she said all the members were in their mid-70s and her brother would not have fit in.Sims said that when her brother goes out in the community he usually has no problems with people who recognize him. "He's not bothered by people he's not pointed out she told the court. She said, He doesn't bother anybody" either.She said Hinckley and his family members find they are able to go to certain restaurants where people know who they are but are welcoming. "In general the people in town have been very tolerant she said.

Last week, prosecutors said Hinckley had not told the truth about deviating from his approved itinerary to go to a movie while on his few hours of permitted unaccompanied time. According to a report by Secret Service agents who were watching Hinckley without his knowledge, on one outing last July, Hinckley did not attend a movie and instead went to a bookstore where he passed by an aisle of books that included an account of the day Reagan was shot.

The judge noted the report did not indicate that Hinckley read that book or any similar books.

The subject was not observed picking up and looking at specific books the report says. One item of note is the subject stopped for a time and looked at the shelves in the American History area that contain several books about President Reagan and his attempted assassination."Hinckley's sister said she had accompanied him to bookstores and never saw him look at any books like that. She said he gravitated to books on music and art. But in response to questioning by a prosecutor she said she wasn't aware Hinckley had failed to go to the movies as planned on two occasions in July and in September.Sims was asked if she ever noticed Secret Service agents keeping an eye on Hinckley. She replied the only time she has noticed surveillance is when she drives Hinckley out of her mother's gated community and back to St. Elizabeths. She said agents are always waiting in a vehicle and follow along.But at the end of a March 2011 visit the Secret Service was not waiting she said. According to Sims about midway through the trip to Washington Hinckley's brother Scott got a call on his cell phone from an agent who said he had been late. Sims said the agent asked the Hinckley family's location and requested that they wait for him to catch up.Sims replied the family did and was happy to cooperate with the Secret Service.CNN's James Polk contributed to this report. WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Bush on Tuesday announced a troop deployment shift for America's two wars a move that reflects a more stable Iraq and an increasingly volatile Afghanistan.President Bush said Tuesday that he soon will start bringing some U.S. troops home from Iraq.Through early next year about 8000 American troops will leave Iraq and not be replaced. Some 4500 other U.S. service members will go to Afghanistan.Bush also emphasized the U.S. intention to help Pakistan defeat insurgents who are using the country's tribal areas to stage attacks in Afghanistan.Iraq, Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan pose unique challenges for our country, Bush said Tuesday in a speech at the National Defense University in Washington. "Yet they are all theaters in the same overall struggle."Bush said he is making the Iraqi troop withdrawal decision based on a recommendation from top military officers including Gen. David Petraeus the highest-ranking U.S. military officer in Iraq.  Watch Bush announce the troop reduction in Iraq »He and the Joint Chiefs of Staff have recommended that we move forward with additional force reductions, the president said citing military and political strides in stabilizing the country and dramatically bringing down violence.Bush adopted the entire recommendation from Petraeus a senior military official in Iraq told CNN. The source said five people saw the plan before it went to the president. Debate the Iraq issue! Join The ForumIn explaining progress in the war effort Bush cited the "surge" offensive winning the hearts and minds of Sunni tribes Iraqi political reconciliation efforts economic improvements an improved Iraqi army leading the fight against Shiite and Sunni insurgents and a return of hundreds of doctors who fled the fighting.Over the next several months, we will bring home about 3,400 combat support forces -- including aviation personnel, explosive ordnance teams, combat and construction engineers, military police and logistical support forces, he said. "By November we will bring home a Marine battalion that is now serving in Anbar province. And in February of 2009 another Army combat brigade will come home.This amounts to about 8,000 additional American troops returning home without replacement. And if the progress in Iraq continues to hold, Gen. Petraeus and our military leaders believe additional reductions will be possible in the first half of 2009.At present there are about 146000 U.S. troops in Iraq.An adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki welcomed Bush's decision.We look at this step as a positive step that there is stability in Iraq, there is a real improvement in the security situation in Iraq and there is a real improvement in the capability of the Iraqi security forces in protecting and keeping the security in Iraq, said Sadiq al-Rikabi al-Maliki's political adviser.Democrats were less than enthusiastic about Bush's announcement.The plan "may seem to signal movement in the right direction but it defers troop reductions until the next administration said Rep. Ike Skelton, D-Missouri, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee.

More significant troop reductions in Iraq are needed so that we can start to rebuild U.S. military readiness and provide the additional forces needed to finish the fight in Afghanistan."Skelton said Iraq "cannot continue to overshadow other critical U.S. security needs."The effort in Afghanistan must move to the forefront and once again become our top priority, he said.Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama praised Bush for announcing additional troops for Afghanistan and "moving in the direction of the policy that I have advocated for years."However "we will continue to spend $10 billion a month in Iraq while the Iraqi government sits on a $79 billion surplus Obama said.

In the absence of a timetable to remove our combat brigades we will continue to give Iraq's leaders a blank check instead of pressing them to reconcile their differences he said.

Obama criticized the timing and scope of Bush's move.

His plan comes up short -- it is not enough troops and not enough resources with not enough urgency the senator from Illinois said of Bush's call for more troops in Afghanistan.

In his speech, Bush praised other members of the U.S.-led coalition, saying many of those nations will be able to end their deployments to Iraq this year. He said Australia has withdrawn its battle group" and Polish troops are "set to redeploy shortly."The president said Iraq and the United States will work "toward the conclusion of a strategic framework agreement and a status of forces agreement pacts that will spell out the terms of their relationship.

These agreements will serve as the foundation for America's continued security support to Iraq once the United Nations resolution authorizing the multinational forces there expires on December 31."Bush focused his remarks just as strongly on Afghanistan where al Qaeda and Taliban militants have been making a comeback.For all the good work we have done in that country, it is clear we must do even more, he said. "As we learned in Iraq the best way to restore the confidence of the people is to restore basic security -- and that requires more troops."He said that a Marine battalion of around 1000 will deploy to Afghanistan in November instead of Iraq and that an Army combat brigade of around 3500 will go in January.Bush said the U.S. would make additional forces available in 2009 and called on allies to increase their force levels.Bush said stepped-up insurgent efforts in Afghanistan have necessitated the increase of U.S. troops from "less than 21000 two years ago to nearly 31000 today."He said these troop increases and those by allies including Britain France Poland Bulgaria Romania Australia Germany Denmark and the Czech Republic have resulted in what he calls a "quiet surge" in Afghanistan.Bush described challenges in Afghanistan that don't exist in Iraq.This is a vast country, he said. "Unlike Iraq it has few natural resources and has an underdeveloped infrastructure. Its democratic institutions are fragile. And its enemies are some of the most hardened terrorists and extremists in the world."He said Americans will help develop Afghan security forces and are improving efforts on the civilian side adding more personnel to deal with issues of diplomacy development the rural economy and the fight against the drug trade. Hong Kong (CNN) -- Six simple words have sent Hello Kitty lovers into a spin.Hello Kitty is not a cat.The apparently shocking revelation was made in an LA Times article published Wednesday about a retrospective of Kitty paraphernalia opening next month at the Japanese American National Museum.The story started innocently enough before the bombshell was dropped by Christine R. Yano an anthropologist at the University of Hawaii who has delved more deeply than most into the Hello Kitty phenomenon.That's one correction Sanrio made for my script for the show, Yano told the LA Times.Hello Kitty is not a cat. She's a cartoon character. She is a little girl. She is a friend. But she is not a cat. She's never depicted on all fours. She walks and sits like a two-legged creature. She does have a pet cat of her own, however, and it's called Charmmy Kitty.Whoa.The news reached far and wide including backstage after the Linkin Park gig at the Minnesota State Fair.I just got off stage to find out that Hello Kitty is not a cat. This is worse than finding out Pluto is not a planet, tweeted clearly shocked rapper Mike Shinoda.For those who don't know Hello Kitty is an international superstar who was introduced to the world in 1974 by Japanese company Sanrio.In the last 40 years her button nose has appeared on a dazzling array of merchandise generating billions of dollars for the company.Until now her pointy ears and whiskers gave her legion of fans the distinct impression she was feline.Wrong.Summing up the disbelief @jkltoraay tweeted: "You cannot say hello kitty is not a cat after 40 years no human has whiskers and pointed ears and a little yellow nose."For some the news raised more questions than it answered.Been tossing and turning for the last few hours trying to figure out how Hello Kitty isn't a cat. How is it possible? What does it mean? @NotKennyRogers tweeted.Since Hello Kitty isn't a cat, wtf is My Melody? tweeted @mrsunlawyer.Users raced to update Kitty's Wikipedia entry which now reads: "She bears the appearance of a white Japanese bobtail cat with a red bow although she is actually a little girl."Singer Katy Perry stepped in to try to calm the masses: "IT'S OKAY HELLO KITTY FANS KITTY PURRY IS A CAT."At last count it was retweeted more than 13000 times.As the Sanrio website clearly states Hello Kitty is a "cheerful and happy little girl ... who lives in London with her mama (Mary White) papa (George White) and her twin sister Mimmy."Yes she's also British.For the record Kitty's birthday is November 1 she likes baking and making pancakes origami and eating apple pie.Her favorite saying is "You can never have too many friends."She may have lost a few today.Meow. (CNN) -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was told to take a month off work after doctors diagnosed her with a subdural hematoma.The diagnosis and the doctor's recommendation mean Fernandez will be out of commission during the critical campaign season for congressional elections on October 27.Spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said Saturday the president will suspend all her activities.A subdural hematoma is a blood clot on the brain's surface beneath its outer covering called the dura. Often in people over 60 a brain trauma can cause the blood vessels in the brain to tear and blood to clot.In August Fernandez 60 suffered a cranial trauma for which doctors conducted a brain scan and found normal results with no symptoms at the time Scoccimarro said.Doctors at a Buenos Aires hospital discovered the hematoma on Saturday after a neurological evaluation he said.According to Argentina's constitution the vice president would assume the presidency temporarily in the president's absence but officials have not said if that will occur in this situation.Fernandez's health made headlines when she underwent surgery in January 2012 to remove her thyroid after doctors said they detected cancer in the gland.A few days later a spokesman for Fernandez said she did not actually have cancer and that doctors had discarded their original diagnosis. (CNN) -- It's a perennial problem. How do you persuade young apathetic voters to go to the polls? Enter "Voteman" -- Denmark's rather ill-judged and short-lived cartoon solution.The cartoon opens with two apparently politically disaffected young men. The scene switches to Voteman a muscle-bound stubble-chinned superhero answering a call asking him to persuade voters to have their say in the upcoming European Parliament elections.Naked he leaps up from a bed surrounded by women apparently performing sex acts on him and -- having donned a leather waistcoat and trousers -- sets off from a Bond villain-esque island hideout on his mission riding a pair of harnessed dolphins as waterskis.An orgy of cartoon violence follows -- one of the original men is decapitated while other would-be non-voters are punched slapped and tossed through the windows of a polling station to vote.The cartoon is the unlikely creation of the Danish Parliament's EU information center originally posted to its official YouTube page.Less surprisingly perhaps it has now been pulled and an apology made for its graphic sexual and violent content.Mogens Lykketoft speaker of the Danish Parliament said in a statement on his Facebook page that many people had perceived the cartoon as "more serious and offensive than it was intended and see it as talking down to the youth.Reaction in social media is sharply divided between those who see this as unacceptably vulgar, and those who think it is tough but acceptable humor which brings attention to the vote on May 25.

The latter was the intention. But I acknowledge that Parliament as an institution in future has to show more caution in what we put our name to."The cartoon tells the story of how Voteman as a young man once forgot to vote in European Parliament elections.This the narration says taught him a painful lesson: "No influence on climate regulations agricultural subsidies chemicals in toys -- and the amount of cinnamon allowed in his cinnamon buns.Horrified by this, he decided he would dedicate his life to making everybody vote. So if you're not going to vote, don't try to run, don't try to hide, because he will find you. And he will make you vote.The European Parliament elections in which voters in each of the European Union's member states elect representatives to the body are taking place across Europe next week. May 25 is the day on which Danish voters will go to the polls.Denmark's turnout for the last European elections in 2009 was close to 60% well above the European average of 43%.CNN's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report. Los Angeles (CNN) -- Los Angeles Clippers co-owner Shelly Sterling asked a Los Angeles probate court Wednesday to uphold her negotiated sale of the team for $2 billion despite her husband's objections her attorney said.The probate court agreed to hold a four-day trial on the issue beginning July 7.Sterling's legal maneuver comes as three physicians say her estranged husband Donald 80 is mentally incapacitated said her attorney Pierce O'Donnell. Court papers say her husband shows early Alzheimer's or other brain disease.Donald Sterling the team's other co-owner doesn't want to sell the team as the National Basketball Association demands; this week he called the league "despicable monsters" and "a band of hypocrites and bullies."O'Donnell said his client sought an expedited hearing "given the fact this is a very important transaction he said.

It's unfortunate. Mrs. Sterling regrets having to go to court and publicly air this problem. But Mr. Sterling's conduct in reneging on the sale requires her to do so O'Donnell said.

Joining Sterling and O'Donnell at the courthouse Wednesday was the attorney for former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer, with whom Shelly Sterling has reached an agreement to sell the franchise for a record $2 billion.

Donald Sterling opposes a sale of the team and says he gave his wife a purported letter only to negotiate with a buyer, not to formally sell the team, his attorney said Wednesday.

Bottom line Donald Sterling does not want to sell the team attorney Bobby Samini said.

Technically, a family trust owns the Clippers. But O'Donnell said that three physicians have certified that Donald Sterling lacks the mental capacity to function as a trustee of the complex trust.

The trust agreement provides that if two qualified physicians certify that he's mentally incapacitated he's removed. We also have a third distinguished doctor who's an expert in this field mental capacity who has reviewed the evidence and supports the other doctors and agrees on that conclusion. So there's three doctors. We only need two O'Donnell said.

This is a complex business. You have a $2 billion basketball team. You have massive amount of 150 real estate holdings and it requires a person to run the business who is competent and the doctor -- three doctors -- have said that he lacks the mental capacity O'Donnell said.

Kiev Ukraine (CNN) -- A perilous face-off intensified Saturday when Russia state news complained that Ukraine had mobilized 15000 troops in the suburbs of Slavyansk in eastern Ukraine "in order to wipe out the city and its residents."Quoting a Russian Defense Ministry source RIA Novosti said satellite photos showed the force forming around the city that has become a friction point between the Ukraine military and pro-Russian militants.The Defense Ministry source said the number of Ukraine troops put the pro-Russian militants at a disadvantage because the latter are "armed only with small amount of pistols and shotguns." Many eastern Ukraine residents have Russian roots and sympathize with Moscow.The source said the photos showed about 160 tanks 230 infantry combat vehicles and armored personnel carriers mine throwers and multiple-launch rocket systems.Russian President Vladimir Putin has repeatedly criticized Kiev's use of force against Ukrainian civilians.Developments in Ukraine have come at a rapid pace in recent days:-- Russia which already had 40000 troops on its side of the border started new military drills a few days ago after Ukrainian forces said they killed five pro-Russian militants. Ukraine launched the second stage of an "anti-terrorist operation" against militants in Slavyansk.-- On Friday a team of European and Ukrainian military observers were seized Friday by pro-Russian separatists in Slavyansk.-- Russian military aircraft "crossed and violated" Ukrainian airspace seven times overnight Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk told reporters in Rome on Saturday. The Russian Defense Ministry denied the accusation according to the state news agency Itar-Tass.-- Yatsenyuk met with Pope Francis while in Rome on Saturday. The meeting has been seen as a sign of support from the Vatican for his government.-- G7 leaders said they would impose new sanctions on Russia over its role in the crisis.The Ukrainian Prime Minister urged Russia to pull back its security forces and not to support pro-Russian militants in eastern and southern Ukraine. "We urge Russia to leave us alone he said in televised remarks.

(CNN) -- Former U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter who embodied a vanishing breed of liberal Republicanism before switching to the Democratic Party at the twilight of his political career died Sunday after a long battle with cancer his family announced.Specter died of complications from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma at his home in Philadelphia his family said. He was 82.The veteran Pennsylvania politician had overcome numerous serious illnesses over the past two decades including a brain tumor. He had been in the public eye since serving as a member of the Warren Commission which investigated the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.Specter was elected to the Senate in 1980 and represented Pennsylvania for 30 years longer than anyone in the state's history. His politically moderate image fit hand-in-glove in the politically blue Northeast both with its Democratic centrists and its liberal Republicans.He was also one of America's most prominent Jewish politicians a rare Republican in a category dominated by Democrats over the decades. And his name is synonymous with Pennsylvania an idiosyncratic state that pushes and pulls between the two parties and his home the staunchly Democratic city of Philadelphia.In 2006 Philadelphia magazine called him "one of the few true wild cards of Washington politics ... reviled by those on both the right and the left."Charming and churlish, brilliant and pedantic, he can be fiercely independent, entertainingly eccentric and simply maddening, the profile read.Former Gov. Ed Rendell a Democrat called Specter "a mentor colleague and a political institution" who "did more for the people of Pennsylvania over his more than 30-year career with the possible exception of Benjamin Franklin." And Pat Toomey the Republican who now holds Specter's old Senate seat praised him as "a man of sharp intelligence and dogged determination."And at the White House President Barack Obama said Specter "was always a fighter."From his days stamping out corruption as a prosecutor in Philadelphia to his three decades of service in the Senate, Arlen was fiercely independent -- never putting party or ideology ahead of the people he was chosen to serve, Obama said in a written statement on Specter's death.And Vice President Joe Biden lamented the loss of "my friend who never walked away from his principles and was at his best when they were challenged." Biden will travel to Penn Valley Pennsylvania on Tuesday for Specter's funeral according to the White House.G. Terry Madonna director of the Franklin & Marshall College Poll and professor of pubic affairs at Franklin & Marshall College said Frank Sinatra's song "My Way" could apply to Specter.There isn't any doubt in many respects he was an unusual politician, Madonna said. "He didn't look at polls. He didn't track how his comments were playing out in the press. ...He was fundamentally a pragmatist who could bend with the times, Madonna said and he believed greatly that government could help people.The Republicanism in his day, it was a different kind of Republican. He was a Philadelphian, and not into that staunchly conservative Republicanism that we see today.Readers wished the best for SpecterMadonna called Specter an "indefatigable" public figure highly demanding of both himself and those who worked for him over the years. He had a few election losses but he was undeterred by defeat the prospects of losing and the challenges he faced.The last thing you would have thought about Arlen Specter was that he was born in Kansas, Madonna said. "He always came across as kind of urbane. He had a kind of caustic sense of humor."But Specter in fact was born in Wichita the youngest child of Lillie Shanin and Harry Specter an immigrant from Ukraine. He grew up in Russell Kansas also the hometown of another Republican icon a one-time presidential nominee and senator Bob Dole.After graduating from Russell High School in 1947 Specter first went to the University of Oklahoma. But he eventually went east for his higher education. He earned a bachelor's degree in international relations in 1951 from the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa.He was in the U.S. Air Force during the Korean War from 1951 to 1953 serving as a second lieutenant in the Air Force Office of Special Investigations. He returned to his studies and graduated from Yale Law School in 1956.After Yale he started practicing law and became an assistant district attorney in Philadelphia.He served on the Warren Commission at the recommendation of Rep. Gerald Ford later president. Specter is credited with co-authoring the "single bullet theory which suggested that some of the wounds to Kennedy and then-Texas Gov. John Connally were caused by the same bullet.

No member of Congress shaped the Supreme Court more than he did Madonna said. He had a prosecutorial mindset. He could be incredibly persuasive as an interrogator."Specter straddled right and left. He criticized Republicans for President Bill Clinton's impeachment and voted in favor of the Iraq war. He supported embryonic stem cell research.During the 1990s he briefly announced a run for president but eventually dropped the effort and endorsed Bob Dole.Despite his longtime membership in the Republican Party Specter became more alienated from the party as it grew more conservative.Like many of his moderate compatriots he came to be viewed by the new conservatives as a RINO -- a Republican in Name Only. Decades after he switched to the Republican Party he changed his stripes again. He became a Democrat in 2009 saying Republicans had moved too far to the right and embraced social conservatism.The move gave Democrats a 60-seat filibuster-proof majority in the Senate. But in 2010 when he ran for re-election Specter lost the Democratic primary to Rep. Joe Sestak.Sestak who went on to lose the race to Toomey praised Specter via Twitter as "a warrior of inestimable public service."After the loss Specter moved from the halls of Congress to those of academia taking on a new role at the University of Pennsylvania Law School as an adjunct professor.Arlen's knowledge of the inner workings of the government and lawmaking is second to none, said Michael Fitts the law school's dean. "The insight he brings from his career in public service particularly as a leader on judicial issues will be invaluable to our students as they prepare for their own careers in the law."The senator practiced law when he wasn't in office and authored books throughout his career including:-- "Passion for Truth: From Finding JFK's Single Bullet to Questioning Anita Hill to Impeaching Clinton"-- "Never Give In: Battling Cancer in the Senate"-- "Life Among the Cannibals: A Political Career a Tea Party Uprising and the End of Governing As We Know It"For the past quarter-century, he's also been a Zelig-like national figure, the Philadelphia magazine article said referring to the Woody Allen character from the film of the same name who changed his persona as his surroundings and circumstances changed.From his role in sinking Robert Bork's Supreme Court nomination to his cross-examination of Anita Hill, from stem-cell research to the impeachment of Bill Clinton, Specter's greatest talent may be his unique ability to put himself -- somehow, some way -- in the center of the nation's most important debates, the article said.Obituaries 2012: The lives they've livedCNN's Sarah Hoye in Philadelphia contributed to this report. Yaounde Cameroon (CNN) -- Heavily armed poachers recently killed nearly 40 endangered forest elephants for their ivory in two national parks officials in Cameroon said Tuesday the latest in a string of slaughters of the animals in Central Africa.The carcasses are still fresh, indicating the killings took place probably only this month, ecologist Theophile Mbarga told CNN on Tuesday.Very young -- even newborn -- elephants were among the carcasses found in Nki and Lobeke national parks. The toll could reach 50 after a thorough search is made Mbarga added.The dead elephants were found closely clustered -- less than 35 feet apart -- indicating the poachers used powerful modern weapons conservation group WWF project manager Zacharie Nzooh told journalists Tuesday.Evidence indicates that a horseback-riding band of about 300 poachers from Sudan was behind the slaughter officials said. The same poachers were believed to be responsible for hundreds of elephant deaths over the past year.Forest elephants are distinguished from the more familiar savanna elephants by their smaller size and straighter tusks. A kilogram (2.2 pounds) of their ivory sells for hundreds of dollars on the underground market in places such as China and Thailand. Political analysts say the proceeds fund rebel groups in Sudan and the Central African Republic.A recent peer-reviewed study published at PLOS One documented a "catastrophic" 62 percent decline in Central Africa's forest elephant population over nine years. Officials estimated that 1700 forest elephants remain in the two Cameroonian parks. It is feared they will be completely wiped out within seven years.Savanna elephant populations in the Central African Republic are believed to have plummeted from around 80000 just 30 years ago to a few hundred today according to WWF formerly known as the World Wildlife Fund.The governments of three Central African nations -- Cameroon the Central African Republic and Chad -- announced Saturday they would muster as many as 1000 soldiers for joint military operations to protect the region's last remaining savanna elephants as the Sudanese poachers are still active in the region.We recommend the mobilization of all defense and security forces in the affected countries to stop the poachers members of the Economic Community of Central African States said in a joint statement. The communique was issued at the end of a three-day emergency anti-poaching ministerial conference held in Cameroon's capital YaoundÃ©.The operation is estimated to cost about $2.3 million. The announcement called on other nations to contribute additional funds to sustain the effort.On the night of March 14 to 15 poachers slaughtered killed at least 89 elephants in southern Chad WWF said. They are also believed to be behind the killing of at least 30 elephants in the Central African Republic since January 1.The poachers on horseback are also suspected of killing 300 elephants in Cameroon's Bouba N'Djida National Park in early 2012. The carnage prompted Cameroon to mobilize 600 elite troops to try to keep the poachers from crossing the border again WWF reported.In the statement the ECCAS states congratulated Thailand for its March 3 decision to ban its legal domestic ivory trade and urged its vigorous enforcement.Ivory consumers "need to be sensitized to the consequences" of the ivory trade the statement said adding that "destination countries (should) adopt measures to reduce ivory demand."Robert Jackson the U.S. ambassador to Cameroon said he was pleased with the meeting.The plan is a good one. But execution is now critical. he said.I am, however, concerned that there is no mention of corruption in the statement, because it contributes directly to the poaching and trafficking problem, he said.CNN's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report. (CNN) -- The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers could open the Morganza Spillway as early as Saturday Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said Friday.The Mississippi River Commission has directed the Corps to operate the crucial spillway once river flows reach a certain trigger: 1.5 million cubic feet per second. Projections indicate the tipping point could be hit as early as Saturday evening Jindal has said.Opening the spillway would lower anticipated cresting levels along the lower Mississippi River and divert water from Baton Rouge and New Orleans but would flood much of low-lying south-central Louisiana. Seven parishes are expected to be affected by the opening according to the Corps.The Mississippi River Commission has advised a "slow opening and the flood would spread gradually over several days, the Corps said.

She had planned to become a strength and conditioning coach. Once I graduated Minard said, I was willing to go wherever life took me."Her educational and professional path though is now far from clear.Yet Minard feels that she's in the right place in her own spiritual journey.Having grown up in the Lutheran Church Minard notes that she "at first ... struggled" with the idea that her faith was at odds with her sexuality.I had questions, but I worked through those questions, she said. "And now I have a strong faith in God. And I believe you can still have faith in God and live a gay lifestyle."Love wins in gay couple's 40-year immigration fightUtah same-sex marriages already done are valid appeals court rules (CNN) -- With Sharon Osbourne gone "America's Got Talent" has tapped Spice Girl Mel B. to fill the empty seat.Entertainment Weekly reports that the singer and TV personality whose full name is Melanie Brown will join fellow judges Howard Stern and Howie Mandel on the NBC reality competition when it returns this summer.Osbourne announced she was leaving "AGT" last year following claims that NBC discriminated against her son Jack.Brown aka Scary Spice is a veteran of reality competitions. She competed on "Dancing With the Stars" in the United States served as a judge on the Australian version of "The X Factor" and was a guest judge on the UK's "X Factor" and "Britain's Next Top Model."I've known Melanie since she did 'Dancing with the Stars,' and I've known her as a performer in The Spice Girls before that, Paul Telegdy NBC's president of alternative and late night programming said in a statement to EW.To know her is to know a very frank, strong, enduring entertainer. Someone who has a very strong point of view. We needed somebody who was qualified for the job. She's an amazing singer, dancer and a huge personality. The contestants will get a lot of constructive feedback from her and I can't wait to see her chemistry with Howard and Howie.Mel B. might not be the only new face on the series this summer -- EW adds that the show is considering hiring a fourth judge as well. Editor's note: Ben Chavis is the co-author with Carey Blakely of "Crazy Like A Fox: One Principal's Triumph in the Inner City." Chavis received his doctorate in education and philosophy from the University of Arizona and served as principal of American Indian Public Charter School for seven years. Chavis has also worked as a real estate investor. Currently he is replicating the model he established at American Indian Public Charter School in various schools throughout the U.S. and Canada.Educator Ben Chavis says money isn't enough to improve schools run by incompetent administrators.(CNN) -- Teachers unions and politicians are constantly claiming that K-12 public schools need more money in order to produce good academic results. But does the data support the argument that our schools need more money to succeed?The Oakland Unified School District had a budget of $602 million for the 2008-2009 school year according to Katy Murphy an education reporter with the Oakland Tribune. That budget which includes $77 million spent on consultants means that the district spends an average of $16270 per student!What have we the public taxpayers received for our exceptionally generous financial support of the Oakland public schools? According to the California Department of Education the district's reported 2008 California Standardized Test scores show:1. Of 707 eighth- and ninth-graders who took the California Standard test for general math: 1 percent tested advanced 5 percent tested proficient and 94 percent failed by testing below grade level.  See details about K-12 schools teachers »2. Of 2506 ninth- and 10th-grade students who took the California Standards test in algebra: 0 percent tested advanced 3 percent tested proficient and 97 percent failed the test.How is it possible for a public school system to so liberally spend more than half a billion dollars and still fail to educate 94 percent or more students of all racial backgrounds? Does anyone believe providing more money to these public school systems will enhance these students' academic performance in mathematics?During my principalship at American Indian Public Charter School we spent less than $8000 per student proving that schools did not need more money. We served a student population that is on average 98 percent minority with 97 percent receiving free or reduced-price lunch and many who are non-English speakers and from single-parent families. AIPCS students spend three to four hours a day working on mathematics and English-language arts.In 2009 they excelled in academics physical fitness and any standardized test that they were given. The hard work of these students and staff has paid off with virtually all of our eighth-graders testing advanced in algebra including 100 percent of our eighth-grade black students Mexican-American students and American Indian students.Before I became its principal people called American Indian Public Charter School the zoo. The neighbors hated it. They couldn't stand the behavior of the students who with little supervision or control wreaked havoc in the area.Unfortunately the students who decided to attend the school did not receive the academics and structure they so direly needed. The school was in many ways a failure a joke a sham.When I took over as principal in 2000 it was the worst middle school in Oakland. I told the board I would take the job only if they let me go my own way and do what I thought was best. I implemented a golden rule at American Indian Public Charter School for staff students and families: If you act like a winner you'll be treated like a winner. If you act like a fool you'll be treated like a fool. The charter school is now one of the top-scoring schools in the state and is nationally recognized.The United States spends more money on public education than any other country in the world. Yet we still have a secondary public education system that ranks with Third World countries in preparing our children in English-language arts mathematics science and social studies.Washington D.C.; Detroit Michigan; Los Angeles California; Kansas City Missouri; and numerous other cities throughout the United States are producing the same poor academic results at an extraordinary cost to the taxpayer and a tremendous academic loss to our students and country.I believe all the money in the world would not be enough to improve schools run by incompetent public school administrators. We need proven leaders who can prepare our children to be competitive members in a free-market society.The American public has been conned into believing that public schools need more money. Have you ever met a public school administrator who said they have enough money?President Obama is moving in the "right" direction by reforming public schools to be held responsible to the American public in return for more money. It's very clear that most Americans want to ensure that accountability be attached to the stimulus money that is being awarded to all institutions including public schools.Next time you hear school officials or politicians begging for more money ask them how large the district's budget is and how many students are enrolled in their district. Then you do the math. After all it's your money they want to take.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Chavis. (CNN) -- A top judge has issued a special plea to the four suspects named in the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri killing to come before the court.Judge Antonio Cassese the president of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon said in an open letter to the four men accused in the 2005 attack that they will be treated fairly if they appear before the court or even participate in the trial proceedings without being present.Cassese issued the statement after Lebanese authorities told him they have been unable so far to serve warrants on and arrest the accused.We will conduct trials based on a firm presumption of innocence of the accused. The Tribunal shall never convict anybody unless guilt is established beyond any reasonable doubt, he said.Arrest warrants were issued for Salim Jamil Ayyash Mustafa Amine Badreddine Hussein Hassan Oneissi and Assad Hassan Sabra.A highly placed source in the Lebanese army who had correctly given CNN the names of the suspects previously has said that all four belong to Hezbollah the Lebanese Shiite militant group.Hariri a wealthy entrepreneur turned politician died when his motorcade was hit by a bomb in Beirut on February 14 2005.Supporters say he was killed because of his opposition to Syrian influence in Lebanon. His death prompted mass protests that led to the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon who had been in the country for nearly 30 years.Cassese defended the tribunal saying its personnel "are doing their job with full independence and impartiality."We are only acting in the interest of Lebanon; our only motivation is the pursuit of justice. Our exclusive aim is to find the truth about the assassination of 14 February 2005 and other possibly connected criminal cases, while upholding the highest international standards of criminal law.The judge said that if the accused don't wish to come before the tribunal at The Hague in the Netherlands they can participate by video link.Cassese said the tribunal "will appoint the best professionals to represent them in court" in their absence.But he urged them to appoint legal counsel and pass along instructions to them even if they choose not to appear before the court.If you believe this Tribunal is illegal or illegitimate, argue this point through legal counsel chosen by you -- you will thus have your voice heard on this issue. Use your counsel to make your case and zealously protect your rights.If they can't afford lawyers tribunal funds are available for hiring legal counsel.The march to justice is inexorable, and one way or another we will end up with a trial. I therefore strongly appeal to the accused to take advantage of the broad legal possibilities offered by our Rules of Procedure and Evidence, thereby contributing to the establishment of truth and the conduct of fair proceedings, he said.As for Lebanese authorities the judge said he's hopeful they will "persist in their search for the accused." (CNN) -- It's a moment familiar to any regular air traveler.A passenger's photo shows oxygen masks hanging from the ceiling on Monday's Continental Flight 128.The plane bucks up and down lurches forward and back or both. Sometimes overhead bins fly open. The squeamish gasp. Babies cry. Then usually it's all over.In-flight turbulence is often a mere inconvenience. But it's also the leading cause of airline passenger injuries that are not associated with a fatal crash experts say.And on rare occasions it can be deadly.In the case of Monday's Continental Flight 128 an unexpected blast of air led to much more than jangled nerves bumps and bruises.Turbulence struck the flight from Rio de Janeiro Brazil to Houston Texas unexpectedly injuring seven passengers badly enough to require hospitalization after the pilot diverted the flight to Miami Florida.Police said 26 passengers were injured four seriously.  Learn more about airline turbulence »Turbulence according to the Federal Aviation Administration is caused by a quick change in air movement. Jet streams air shooting off of mountains cold or warm weather fronts and thunderstorms can all cause changes in speed or direction.The rapid shift in gravity force -- or G-force -- can cause a sensation not unlike being whipped around on a roller coaster. Most of the time discomfort is the worst byproduct.Normally, it's an inconvenience, said Kevin Garrison a retired Delta Air Lines pilot living in Lexington Kentucky. "Very rarely does it hurt passengers which is odd because a lot of them don't keep their seat belts on."And wearing seat belts aviation officials say is the best way to stay safe.In the event that something happens, said Les Dorr a spokesman for the FAA "that's the best advice that we or anyone else can give passengers."Since 1980 three people have been killed in turbulence-related accidents according to the administration. At least two of those deaths involved passengers who reportedly were not wearing seat belts while the seat-belt sign was on.There have been 234 turbulence-related accidents since 1980 and 114 passengers were seriously injured in those accidents the FAA reported.Flight attendants have been hurt at a much higher rate. During that same time period 184 attendants were seriously injured despite their numbers being far smaller than the number of passengers.The majority of injuries actually happen to flight attendants, Dorr said. "They have to be up performing their tasks even when the seat-belt light is on."And while pilots are almost always strapped in with seat belts even they aren't exempt.I've had a few bloodied heads -- when I hit my head on the overhead when the seat belt was a little loose, said Garrison who flew for Delta for 27 years.In Monday's accident passengers reported they were slammed into the Boeing 767's ceiling -- some said two or more times -- when the plane dropped rapidly.I saw people being thrown to the roof as if they were dolls, Fabio Ottolini who was returning to Houston with his wife and daughter after visiting family in Brazil told CNN affiliate KTRK-TV.Passengers said most of those injured were not wearing seat belts.Initial reports are that the Monday flight was hit by what's called clear-air turbulence or air pockets that hit without warning.While pilots are always on the lookout for regular turbulence spots -- like mountain ranges and places where weather fronts are converging -- clear-air turbulence can happen anywhere.You can't see it; you can't sense it with radar, Dorr said. "The best way to determine if there's a possibility of clear-air turbulence is to have somebody in front of you that's already flown through it."Dorr said passenger injury numbers have dropped over the past few years during an industry-wide effort to increase safety.No passengers were reported seriously injured in turbulence incidents in 2008 and five flight attendants -- down from a high of 19 in 2003 -- received serious injuries according to the FAA.The Commercial Aviation Safety Team has focused on seat-belt awareness and pushed for better communication systems for reporting turbulence Dorr said.All licensed pilots also receive "upset training which teaches how to deal with extreme turbulence, he said.

On Tuesday, the USS Blue Ridge, a lead command and control ship, and the Stennis were overflown by two Russian Bear" long-range bombers multiple times according to U.S. military officials.The Bears overflew the ships at about 2000 feet officials said.U.S. military officials said that in both cases U.S. Navy F/A-18 fighters met up with the Russian aircraft about 70 nautical miles from the U.S. ships and flew alongside them until they left the area.On both days U.S. aircraft tried contacting the Russian planes on international air frequency radio channels but the Russian pilots did not respond officials said.The last time Russian planes flew over a U.S. Navy ship was February 2008 when two Bears flew 2000 feet over the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz south of Japan.Russian long-range flights skirting U.S. or other nations' boundaries have also been common over the last year.Although the Pentagon does not often talk about the overflights there is nothing illegal about the actions and they are generally seen by the United States as nothing more than muscle-flexing by the Russian military. (CNN) -- For decades skyscrapers have served as iconic symbols of national pride or flashy trophies of corporate wealth reshaping the skyline of the world's major urban centers. Perhaps in the future the high-rise superstructures could also help revolutionize the way we travel.That at least is the fanciful concept behind the Vertical Hyper-Speed Train Hub a futuristic proposal of two UK-based architects envisaging trains roaring up and down the side of specially-designed skyscrapers nearly as high as the Empire State Building.Towering above the crowded streets of future metropolises these giant buildings are designed to minimize the large slices of real estate that major railway terminals occupy by flipping them on their side.The goal designers Christopher Christophi and Lucas Mazarrasa say is to free up valuable space in the densely-packed cities of tomorrow which will be significantly challenged by overcrowding and a sharp drop in public space availability.In 60 years' time, it will be very difficult for governments to find attractive pieces of available land for public use in the heart of megacities, says Christophi 27. "Governments will be able to take advantage of such spaces in order to re-adapt the cities' structure to society needs he adds.

(CNN) -- Chelsea have completed the signing of England international defender Gary Cahill from Premier League rivals Bolton Wanderers for a fee of $10.7m.The 26-year-old finalized his protracted move on Monday after agreeing personal terms and passing a medical making it the biggest English transfer so far during the January window.Cahill has signed a five-and-a-half year contract with the London club despite doubts beginning to surface about the deal due to the length of time negotiations over his financial terms took.Who are football's top January transfer targets?He told the official Chelsea website: "Chelsea are a massive club. They look to win trophies season in season out and it is a big opportunity for me to be a part of that.Opportunities like this, you just can't turn down, added Cahill who has won seven England caps and will be battling with Brazilian David Luiz to partner England captain John Terry at the heart of the Chelsea defense.Speaking on Saturday about Cahill's impending arrival Chelsea manager Andre Villas Boas told reporters: "He has good technical abilities which is important in the way we want to play and to implement our philosophy.Competition will be tight for him but we brought him in to become better as a team.Cahill joined Bolton from Aston Villa in January 2008 and developed into one of England's top defenders during his four years at the Reebok Stadium.However he had already indicated he was not prepared to sign a new contract meaning Wanderers were forced to sell him or lose him for free at the end of the season.Meanwhile the Carlos Tevez transfer saga has taken a new twist after Inter Milan president Massimo Moratti confirmed the Italian club had made a $31.7 million bid for Manchester City's Argentine striker.Speaking to reporters after Inter's 1-0 victory over city rivals AC Milan Moratti said: "Our offer is 25 million euros -- now it depends on them whether they accept it or not."Inter have emerged as favorites to sign Tevez after Milan pulled out of the race last week when their plan to sell Alexandre Pato to Paris St Germain fell through following the Brazilian's decision to stay at the San Siro.Ironically big-spending PSG now seem the only realistic challengers for Tevez who has fallen out of favor at City after refusing to come off the substitutes' bench during the 3-1 Champions League defeat at Bayern Munich earlier in the season.Elsewhere in the Premier League Blackburn central defender Chris Samba has handed in a written transfer request despite Rovers manager Steve Kean saying the player was not for sale.The Congolese international has already been the subject of a rejected bid from QPR while title-chasing Tottenham and French big spenders PSG have also been linked with the player.Samba issued a statement saying: "In my five years at Blackburn I have always given 100% in every game I have played. I have had several opportunities to leave but I have always stayed.I have decided now is the right time for me to pursue a new challenge and I have asked the club to respect my decision and allow me to leave.In other transfer news Barcelona have announced that French defender Eric Abidal has signed a new deal with the club.The 32-year-old who had been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp is now contracted to the European champions until June 2013 with an option to extend the deal until 2015.Abidal has made 177 appearances in four years with Barca winning the Champions League twice and the Spanish La Liga three times. PORT HARCOURT Nigeria (CNN)  -- Trash litters its cities. Electricity is sporadic at best. There is no clean water. Medical and educational services are limited. Basic infrastructure is severely lacking.Planet in Peril met in a secret location with members of the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta.These are not conditions that should plague one of the richest oil states in the world. Hundreds of billions of dollars has been made from the Niger Delta's oil reserves and many people have gotten very rich. Conversely the average Nigerian has suffered as a result of the country's oil prosperity. The United States Agency for International Development says more than 70 percent of the country lives on less than a dollar a day -- the population is among the 20 poorest in the world.Oil companies are only part of the equation. The other is the Nigerian government. Transparency International a global organization intent on stamping out corruption has consistently rated Nigeria's government one of the most corrupt in the world.Nigeria's federal government and oil companies split oil profits roughly 60-40. The money is then supposed to make its way down to the local governments to fund various projects. Somehow little money actually reaches its intended destination. Nigeria's own corruption agency estimates between $300 billion to $400 billion has been stolen or wasted over the last 50 years.  Lisa Ling travels to secret location to meet notorious Nigerian militant group »Gov. Rotimi Amaechi of Rivers state one of the largest oil producers of Nigeria's 36 states acknowledges past problems with corruption but thinks progress is being made.There's a lot of improvement, Amaechi said. "The work being done by the corruption agency and the federal government has somehow been able to control the level of corruption in government."Over the last few years a culture of militancy and violence has arisen in the absence of jobs and services. Kidnappings for ransom robberies and even murder happen with regularity.The biggest and most powerful armed group is the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta or MEND. They say they are at war against the Nigerian military and the oil companies operating there.MEND formed in 2005 said it has more than 30 camps throughout Nigeria. Members are armed with high-tech weaponry they said was obtained from "foreign sources." Hundreds of people have been killed on both sides and countless oil workers have been kidnapped.Over the years MEND's attacks on oil pipelines have halted oil production and therefore raised the price of oil around the world. They demand oil profits be distributed to average Nigerians of the Niger Delta and said they will not stop their attacks until their objectives have been fulfilled.  See environmental battle lines for "Planet in Peril" »The battle is over oil -- one of the world's most valuable resources. But to most Nigerians -- oil is a curse.It has provoked an environmental disaster of monstrous proportions. Since the 1970s the United Nations estimates there have been more than 6000 oil spills in the Niger Delta -- that is equal to more than 10 times the amount spilled from the Exxon Valdez in 1989. Yet there is no international outcry and rarely are the spills reported even to most Nigerians. They are still happening and the consequences are nothing short of devastating.Communities along the Niger Delta have lived off subsistence fishing and agriculture for decades. Collecting food becomes impossible when a spill happens like one that occurred in August. The waterways and mangroves are blanketed in thick brown oil sludge that goes on for miles. Toxicity overpowers the air and a sense of lifelessness pervades the landscape. Many say it will take 10-15 years for the area to be free of contamination -- if the cleanup effort commences in a timely manner.The August spill was a result of a leak from an old pipeline that had corroded. It took the oil company three months to clamp the leak but the company said it wasn't reported for a full month after it began. Once the leak was reported the company said it was denied access to the site by the community. Leaders of the village deny that and the finger-pointing between the two sides is nothing new -- there is no love lost here.  Who is telling the truth? Who knows? Either way the creeks are blackened. This is life in the Niger Delta. Washington (CNN) -- Republicans' chances of winning control of the Senate in Tuesday's midterm elections are now up to 95% according to CNN's Pivit an analysis that combines experts' projections with political watchers' predictions on key races.The jump was driven largely by a Des Moines Register poll over the weekend that put Republican Joni Ernst 7 percentage points ahead of Democrat Bruce Braley in a Senate race seen as a must-win for Democrats.In that race Pivit puts Ernst's chances at 88%. Pivit also offers bad news for Democratic Sen. Mark Udall in Colorado whose chances are at just 6% and Sen. Mark Pryor in Arkansas who's down to 2%.Pivit's analysis suggests Democrats are in better shape in North Carolina where Sen. Kay Hagan has a 69% chance of holding off Republican challenger Thom Tillis and in New Hampshire where Sen. Jeanne Shaheen's chances of beating Scott Brown are up to 81%.Republicans meanwhile look to have put Kentucky's Senate race out of reach. Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell's chances of surviving a challenge from Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes are up to 97%.Republicans need a net gain of six seats to capture a majority. Pick-ups in Montana South Dakota and West Virginia are all but assured and Democratic incumbents are facing uphill battles in Alaska Arkansas and Louisiana as well.Republicans are also hoping for wins in states like Colorado Iowa New Hampshire and North Carolina -- which would help solidify their chances of gaining a majority by providing insulation in case the GOP loses seats of its own in Georgia and Kansas. (CNN) -- Attention white Anglo-Saxon Protestants: Your days of running things are over. You have jumped the shark.But there's no need to feel bad for WASPs.They've had an amazing run. Every single president in our nation's history except for John F. Kennedy -- a Catholic -- and Barack Obama has been a white Protestant. Except for a handful of exceptions for over 200 years the presidential nominees of both major political parties have been WASPs. WASPs had almost as many victories in a row as The Harlem Globetrotters.But it's over. Look at this year's presidential tickets: A Mormon an African-American and two Catholics. Even some of the keynote speakers at the Democratic and Republican conventions were not WASPs. The GOP featured Italian-Irish Catholic Chris Christie and the Democrats tapped Latino-American Julian Castro.Times are so bleak for WASPs that there's not a single one on the Supreme Court. Likewise in Congress the percentage of Protestants fell from 74 percent in 1961 to a slim majority of 55 percent today. Neither the current Speaker of the House (John Boehner: Catholic) nor the Senate majority leader (Harry Reid: Mormon) is WASP.I'm sincerely not gloating. And my jibes are in jest. But what I'm happy about is that our two major political parties are increasingly reflecting the new face of America. The demographics of our nation are changing and by 2042 minorities are expected to become the majority in the U.S.Objectively the delegates at this year's Democratic convention were far more diverse. The Republican convention looked more like the early bird dinner crowd at The Cracker Barrel.Opinion: In Ohio candidates are salesmen trying to close the dealHowever in the GOP's defense a party that is 90% white they have started to slowly showcase minorities such as Sen. Marco Rubio and Govs. Nikki Haley and Bobby Jindal. They are well aware that if they don't the GOP will go the way of the Whigs.There's little doubt that we will see more diverse presidential candidates. And we will likely see in the not too distant future a president who is Latino Asian Jewish Sikh or Muslim. (That screaming sound you might have heard was Michele Bachmann shrieking in horror at the idea of a Muslim-American president.)This is a testament to our nation. We are by our very nature progressive. It may take years or even decades to see change but we always march forward not back.So how did we get to where we are today where the white Protestant establishment seems to be losing power? Well it's kind of complicated (as these things tend to be). There are tons of reasons. But one important factor that has contributed to today's political landscape is changing voting rights laws.Back in the days when our nation was founded only white men who owned land could vote. That means rich white men with money get to control the political system. (I know some of you are thinking: How is that different than today?)In our first presidential election in 1789 no women no blacks no poor white men and in many states neither Catholics nor Jews were permitted to vote.Over time some states abandoned the requirement of land ownership so that poor white men could vote. And the religious restrictions were also lifted so that non-Protestants were able to vote.Opinion: Democrats and Republicans need a plan to keep American dream aliveHowever it wasn't until after 1870 when the 15th Amendment was ratified that black American citizens were finally guaranteed the right to vote. (Although poll taxes literacy laws and other measures were still employed in some states to disenfranchise black voters.)And it took all the way to 1920 -- more than 100 years after our first president was elected -- that women were finally given the right to vote with the passage of the 19th Amendment to our Constitution.Enfranchising voters of all backgrounds has led to the opening up of our democratic process. Minorities no longer just voted -- they became active in politics. And they didn't just show up at political meetings -- over time they sought elective offices. And some of them won. With each success they inspire even more minorities of every race ethnicity and religion to become active in our political system.So WASPs you've had your great run. And there is no doubt that another white Protestant will rise up one day against the growing odds and win the White House. But until that day comes you can console yourself knowing that a white Protestant male is one of the most exciting athletes in our nation today: Tim Tebow. (Of course he is the back up to Mark Sanchez.)The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah. (CNN) -- A Detroit man who stabbed an officer outside a courtroom and escaped wearing the officer's uniform has been captured authorities said.The inmate Abraham Pearson was spotted walking in a Detroit neighborhood Monday night said Wayne County Sheriff Benny Napoleon.Authorities said Pearson attacked a deputy with a sharpened comb in front of two other inmates inside a holding cell at the Frank Murphy Hall Monday morning.He then handcuffed Deputy Harrison Tolliver and fled also taking the officer's cell phone and radio the Wayne County Sheriff's Office said.The two inmates did not intervene or leave the cell according to police.Pearson escaped from the rear of the building carjacked a citizen and drove away in a Dodge minivan. The Dodge was recovered and the officer's uniform was found under a vehicle near Beaubien Street in Detroit.Pearson was facing sentencing on Monday on carjacking and armed robbery charges. According to the sheriff's office the 25-year old has a lengthy criminal record and was on parole.The arrest could add at least 11 more charges to the crimes he was already facing Napoleon said.Tolliver 63 was taken to the Detroit Receiving Hospital and later released. Tolliver is a retired Detroit police officer who joined the Sheriff's Office in December.CNN's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report. (CNN)The United Nations' top human rights official has called on Myanmar's leaders to "unequivocally condemn" an ultra-nationalist Buddhist monk who labeled a visiting U.N. rapporteur a "whore" at a protest.Ashin Wirathu the leader of the far-right anti-Muslim 969 movement made the remarks about Yanghee Lee the U.N.'s Special Rapporteur on Myanmar at a public rally on Friday.Don't assume you are a respectable person, just because of your position, he said in the speech footage of which was widely circulated on social media. "To us you are just a whore."The comments drew a sharp response from the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein who described Wirathu's remarks as "sexist insulting" and "utterly unacceptable."I call on religious and political leaders in Myanmar to unequivocally condemn all forms of incitement to hatred, including this abhorrent public personal attack, he said in a statement released from Geneva Wednesday.It's intolerable for U.N. Special Rapporteurs to be treated in this way.Lee was on a 10-day visit reporting on the human rights situation in the predominantly Buddhist southeast Asian country which is emerging from a half-century of military rule.She had spoken out about the crisis facing the country's 1.3 million-strong Rohingya Muslim minority most of whom live under apartheid-like conditions in Rakhine state with limited access to adequate healthcare and education.Since an outbreak of communal violence between Buddhists and Muslims in 2012 more than 130000 live in wretched displacement camps they are forbidden to leave.Lee also criticized proposed law changes backed by the monks including a bill restricting interfaith marriage and religious conversions.She made reference to Wirathu's comments in a statement this week. "During my visit I was personally subjected to the kind of sexist intimidation that female human rights defenders experience when advocating on controversial issues she said.

Despite those delays and some early hesitation from the subtitle-phobic, Yzquierdo said that most fans are just excited to check the shows out: This is something that I never thought I would see released in the States."Indeed this is just the latest example of fans communicating directly with companies to make a difference in what material is released to the public. Manning has communicated often with a "vibrant" community of fans on the Adult Swim message boards.We definitely look at what people are talking about online, what people are watching and buying online, too. From that, we're always looking for shows that we think will appeal to our audience, and then we pass it around the office -- several of us are anime fans, as well, so we make our own focus group.As for the importance of the release of "Headmasters" specifically Ward said "It gives [fans] something definitive something approved by Hasbro. Casual fans who just love Transformers will be really surprised by the quality of the show. These were things that were almost for lack of a better word lost to American audiences." (CNN) -- Manchester United's hopes of winning a treble this season ended on Saturday with a 1-0 defeat to arch-rivals Manchester City in the semifinals of the English FA Cup at Wembley Stadium.Alex Ferguson's team are on course for a record-breaking 19th English league title and have also reached the semifinals of the European Champions League but Yaya Toure's second-half winner gave City the chance of winning a first trophy in 35 years.The Ivory Coast midfielder pounced after consecutive errors by veteran goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar and midfielder Michael Carrick allowed him the chance to drill in a low shot seven minutes after halftime.United's bid to reach the final of the 140-year-old knockout competition for a record 19th time was then sabotaged by a moment of madness from 36-year-old midfielder Paul Scholes.The former England international the only player of the two squads actually born in Manchester was sent off with 18 minutes left for a reckless high lunge into the thigh of City's Argentine defender Pablo Zabaleta.Ferguson casts doubt over Hargreaves futureCity last won the tournament in 1969 and most recently reached the final in 1981 -- one of the modern classics which was won in a replay by Tottenham.Roberto Mancini's team will face either Bolton or Stoke in the final on May 14 with the two Premier League teams meeting in Sunday's second semifinal also at England's national stadium.The Italian urged his team not to get carried away with the club still battling to qualify for next season's Champions League.We have everything in our hands. If we have the same spirit we had today, we have the fourth spot, he said having molded City into contenders since taking charge December 2009 after being handed a lavish transfer kitty by billionaire owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan.Manchester City was a small team until three, four, five years ago. It's important to start to win the first trophies.United should have taken an early lead after dominating the first half-hour with Dimitar Berbatov guilty of two bad misses in quick succession.The Bulgarian starting in place of suspended England striker Wayne Rooney was first denied by quick-thinking goalkeeper Joe Hart and then belied the form that has seen him become the Premier League's top scorer this season by inexplicably scooping the ball over the bar from close range after being found by Nani's inviting low cross.City missing injured captain and top scorer Carlos Tevez capitalized on some slack United defending after the interval as the 40-year-old Van der Sar -- who retires at the end of this season -- made a poor clearance and then Carrick gave the ball away to Toure.Hart did well to tip a 65th-minute freekick from Nani onto the crossbar before Scholes' red card forced a reshuffle with Berbatov replaced by midfielder Anderson.Man of the match Toure was denied by Van der Sar in the final minute and City survived five minutes of time added on to reach the club's second final since winning the English League Cup in 1976.The match ended in ugly scenes as United defender Rio Ferdinand had to be restrained after Anderson reacted to City striker Mario Balotelli's unwise celebrations in front of opposition fans.Ancelotti in troubled waters at the BridgeIn Saturday's Premier League action third-placed defending champions Chelsea moved five points clear of City with a 3-1 victory at mid-table West Brom.The London club bounced back from the midweek Champions League exit at the hands of United as striker Didier Drogba leveled the scoring after this time being given the chance to start instead of $80 million signing Fernando Torres.West Brom had led through Nigeria striker peter Odemwingie but Salomon Kalou put Chelsea ahead in the 26th minute and Frank Lampard sealed victory just before halftime.The result eased any fears that Chelsea will not qualify for next season's top European competition moving Carlo Ancelotti's team eight points clear of fifth-placed Tottenham -- who host United's main title rivals Arsenal on Wednesday.Arsenal can reduce United's lead to four points by beating sixth-placed Liverpool on Sunday in a match that Kenny Dalglish's team also need to win in order to beat Tottenham to the sole Europa League spot.Everton consolidated seventh place with a 2-0 victory at home to Blackburn thanks to second-half goals by midfielder Leon Osman and defender Leighton Baines the latter a penalty.Aston Villa moved up to ninth with a last-gasp 2-1 victory at second-bottom West Ham as substitute striker Gabriel Agbonlahor headed an injury-time winner after teammate Darren Bent canceled out Robbie Keane's early opener.Sunderland European hopefuls earlier this season slumped to an eighth defeat in nine games as the 2-0 loss at Birmingham left both clubs in a group of four teams on 38 points -- five clear of the relegation zone.Wigan moved out of the bottom three with a 3-1 win at Blackpool that dropped the promoted home team into the danger area for the first time this season. ATLANTA Georgia (CNN) -- Long before U2 and Bono blazed their own paths and decades before the Christian music industry became a half-billion-dollar annual business a hippie musician with long blond locks paved the way.Larry Norman sang about drugs politics racism sex and Jesus -- sometimes in the same song.Larry Norman was a Christian rock musician before the genre existed combining faith with a backbeat and social consciousness.Think of him as rock music's street preacher often referred to as "the father of Christian rock."Between 1969 and 1979, Larry Norman was the Christian rock scene's answer to Bob Dylan, John Lennon and Mick Jagger, said Emmy-nominated director David Di Sabatino who takes a critical look at Norman's career and life in his documentary "Fallen Angel: The Outlaw Larry Norman."He set the standard. He created the space for others to exist. ... The vision he created for where Christian rock music could go still resonates today.The documentary is scheduled to go into limited theatrical release in early 2010.Norman hit the U.S. music scene at a turbulent time for the nation. His first solo album "Upon This Rock came out in late 1969, after he left the band People! The San Francisco Bay area psychedelic group was fresh off the success of a Top 20 hit with a cover of the Zombies' I Love You."It was a time when college campuses were erupting in anti-Vietnam War protests and the nation was still trying to digest what had just happened that summer at Woodstock.As many Americans looked for answers Norman offered his faith a bold decision for an unknown solo artist making his major-label debut.It was a pretty gutsy move to sing about Jesus on his first record, younger brother Charles Norman said. "To take a chance on mentioning Jesus on a secular record was a pretty important step." 'Upon This Rock' was written to stand outside the Christian culture, Larry Norman said in an interview with CCM magazine. "My songs weren't written for Christians. ... I was saying 'I'm going to present the Gospel and I'm not going to say it like you want. This album is not for you.' "No small surprise given that rock music at the time was the soundtrack of the counterculture and was far from the mainstream.A national survey conducted by Louis Harris and Associates in 1966 found that rock 'n' roll was by far the most unpopular music in the country. About 45 percent of adults said they disliked it with only about 5 percent saying it was their favorite.Compare that with today when nearly two-thirds of those asked in a recent Pew Resource Center poll said they listen to it.Being a rocker in the late 1960s wasn't just flying in the face of a conservative Christian music industry but mainstream America as well.Then there were the lyrics especially on Norman's second solo effort 1972's "Only Visiting This Planet." There were no happy songs about going to heaven; the tunes tackled the social issues of the day.Norman sang about drugs politics racism sex venereal disease and Jesus -- sometimes in the same song -- getting his music banned from Christian bookstores that might have sold it.Stuff like that shocked uptight Christians, Charles Norman said in an NPR interview shortly after his brother's death in February 2008 at age 60. "One of his songs it's called 'Why Don't You Look Into Jesus' one of the lines is: 'You've got gonorrhea on Valentine's Day [VD] and you're still looking for the perfect lay. ... Why don't you look into Jesus? He's got the answer.'"The album also contained what became Larry Norman's signature song "Why Should the Devil Have All the Good Music."Nearly two decades after its release "Only Visiting This Planet helmed by Beatles' producer George Martin, was recognized as a seminal recording for the genre, voted by CCM magazine in 1990 as the greatest Christian album ever recorded.

So in a 1944 story, when Donald got a bump on his head that turned him into a genius, the duck managed to mumble, If I mix CH2 [a methylene compound] with NH4 [ammonium] and boil the atoms in osmotic fog I should get speckled nitrogen!"Although it sounded like nonsense it wasn't. In 1963 chemists P.P. Gaspar and G.S. Hammond wrote a technical article about methylene that included a reference to the Donald Duck story.The final paragraph read "Among experiments which have not to our knowledge been carried out as yet is one of a most intriguing nature suggested in the literature of no less than 19 years ago."A footnote revealed that "literature" as the Donald Duck comic. It seems the web-footed children's hero had deduced the chemical intermediate long before it had been proven to exist.Mental Floss: Musicians performing on Sesame StreetBut why were these top American chemists looking to comics for inspiration? Apparently Dr. Gaspar had been a lifelong Donald Duck fan and he'd rediscovered Donald's early reference to methylene while collecting old copies of the classic adventures.Gaspar never disclosed how much his work owed to Duckburg's most famous resident but then again how many scientists would confess that they used comic books to bolster their research?3. A Spider-Man villain keeps folks out of jailIn a 1977 edition of Spider-Man Peter Parker has the tables turned on him. The villain Kingpin tracks down Spidey using an electronic transmitter that he'd fastened to the superhero's wrist. Although Kingpin loses in the end (he always does) one New Mexico judge saw beauty in his plan.Inspired by the strip Judge Jack Love turned to computer salesman Michael Goss and asked if he could create a similar device to keep track of crime suspects awaiting trial.In 1983 Goss produced his first batch of electronic monitors. Authorities in Albuquerque then tested the devices on five offenders using the gadgets as an alternative to incarceration.Today the transmitters are a common sight in courtrooms across the country usually in the form of electronic ankle bracelets. Most famously Martha Stewart donned one while she was under house arrest in 2004. Perhaps she would have felt better knowing that the gadget had once nabbed Spider-Man too.Mental Floss: Truth about lie detectors (and Wonder Woman)4. Captain Marvel Jr. saves the bad-hair dayLike most American kids in the 1940s Elvis Presley fantasized about growing up to be like his favorite comic book superheroes. But it turns out that The King might have been more interested in their fashion statements than their special powers.During his early teen years Elvis was obsessed with Captain Marvel Jr. known as "America's most famous boy hero." A younger version of Captain Marvel the character sported an unusual hairstyle that featured a curly tuft of hair falling over the side of his forehead.Sound familiar? When Elvis set out to conquer America with his rock 'n' roll ways he copied the 'do thus making it one of the most famous hairstyles of the 20th century.But that wasn't all. Captain Marvel also gets credit for the short capes Elvis wore on the back of his jumpsuits as well as The King's famous TCB logo which bears a striking resemblance to Marvel's lightning bolt insignia.Of course Elvis never tried to hide his love for the Captain. A copy of Captain Marvel Jr. No. 51 still sits in his preserved childhood bedroom in an apartment in Memphis and his full comics collection remains intact in the attic at Graceland.Plus the admiration was mutual. Captain Marvel Jr. paid tribute to The King in one issue referring to the singer as "the greatest modern-day philosopher."For more mental_floss articles visit mentalfloss.comEntire contents of this article copyright Mental Floss LLC. All rights reserved. (CNN) -- On Tuesday a federal advisory panel the National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity recommended that university scientists who have submitted articles on how to modify a flu virus to two very prestigious journals delete critical information from them before publishing. The papers describe how to alter bird-flu virus to be more infectious and potentially nastier.Yes this is same bird flu virus that as it moved into pigs was freaking us all out last year. If you had the detailed map of the viral changes needed then either a terrorist or an amateur "garage" biologist operating without the right safeguards would have a very effective critter for killing you and me.If there is one thing that scientists hate it is any policy that restricts research in any way. Scientists are taught that they need to be bold in asking questions and not let anything deter them from following their thinking wherever it leads no matter how unpopular that might be. They are also taught the absolute necessity of making their claims public in reputable journals so that other scientists can subject them to the critical skepticism from which the truth ultimately emerges.Once in a long while however the price of the truth is simply too high to let scientists disclose their findings publicly. That is so when it comes to publishing detailed information about dangerous viruses and microbes.We don't have to hide the genetic map for a killer avian flu virus from all eyes. Access to some who have clearance to see it should be possible. If that is done then the truth will still be known about whether those making claims of being able to engineer the virus can actually do so.To go further with potentially catastrophic data is to court trouble.There are those who will say that the only way to fight terror is to adhere to those values that have proven crucial to the advance of science over the decades. The more we know the worse for the terrorists.Unfortunately that is no longer the world we live in. The ethics of inquiry need to adapt. Handing the complete formula for making a nasty pandemic bug to any nut with access to the Internet or a subscription to a scientific journal makes no sense in a world that has seen the use of anthrax and sarin as weapons of terror.Freedom is key to good science. Freedom from terror is also key to good science. When they conflict the latter is more important freedom than the former. Journals and those who write for them ought to do all they can to try and ensure that most important freedom.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arthur Caplan. (CNN) -- Andrew Sable wasn't in the market for new wheels but he says the federal "cash for clunkers" program helped him get an offer he couldn't refuse.I'd have been foolish not to take it, said Andrew Sable who got $9000 for his 1993 Jeep Grand Cherokee.The gas-guzzling 1993 Jeep Grand Cherokee his college-student son drives went bad last weekend. Ordinarily Sable would have fixed it even though the vehicle was worth perhaps $2000 at best.But aware of the program that started this month Sable took a $4500 federal credit this week to trade in the Jeep and buy a new more fuel-efficient Chrysler PT Cruiser. And Chrysler eager to sell vehicles threw in its own $4500 incentive.The $9000 in savings knocked the price to $8900 before taxes and fees.I'll never get $9,000 for this old vehicle [any other way]. I'd have been foolish not to take it, the 43-year-old Sable an insurance underwriter living in North Bellmore New York told CNN after filing a report with iReport.com. He'll drive the PT Cruiser and let the son drive his Nissan. iReport.com: Read Sable's account of the purchaseUnder the $1 billion program people will be given credits of $3500 to $4500 to replace gas guzzlers -- generally vehicles with a combined city/highway fuel economy of 18 miles per gallon or less -- with new vehicles that are more fuel efficient. The old vehicles are crushed or shredded.  Watch CNN's Gerri Willis explain the "cash for clunkers" program »The exact credit offered through the program --- officially called the Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save Act of 2009 or CARS -- depends on how many more miles per gallon the new vehicle gets.Fuel economy thresholds for new vehicles vary according to type. New cars must have a combined city/highway fuel economy of at least 22 mpg. New SUVs and small or medium pickup trucks or vans must get at least 18 mpg. New large vans and pickups must get at least 15 mpg.The government put Sable's old Jeep at 15 mpg. His new PT Cruiser which the program classifies as an SUV gets a combined 21 mpg.Part of the program's intent is to get vehicles with low fuel efficiency off the road. Caroline Radtke a 31-year-old who wrote about her purchase on iReport.com was happy to oblige.Radtke and her husband this month got a $4500 CARS credit for trading in their 2000 Isuzu Trooper (15 mpg) to buy a new Volkswagen Jetta SportWagen a diesel-powered car that the program lists as getting 33 mpg. After the credit they paid just under $26000.What was going out of my [old] vehicle was bad for the planet, and you're putting so much financially into the stupid thing to fill it up because it runs out so fast, Radtke a freelance graphic designer living in San Antonio Texas told CNN after filing her iReport. "After driving it for eight and a half years I wanted something more productive financially and more friendly to the Earth."The couple would have bought a new car without CARS but the credit probably allowed them to get a nicer car than they otherwise would have Radtke said. If they had sold the Trooper themselves they might have gotten $3000 if they were lucky she said. iReport.com: Radtke's purchaseThe CARS program isn't for everyone. The credit won't go toward used-car purchases. Also people looking to get rid of their under-18-mpg vehicle might find they can get about the same or more than a CARS credit by selling it.But the program worked just fine for iReporter Julie Callahan a Salt Lake City Utah woman who was looking to replace her 1990 Chevy C1500 pickup truck which had more than 350000 miles and is rated at 15 mpg.She and her husband already had a newer vehicle but she used the truck to go to work and for other in-town purposes. But lately it started having shifting problems and it was occasionally slipping going uphill.Like Sable Callahan 39 got $4500 this week to turn in the old vehicle and buy a new PT Cruiser. And like Sable she also received a separate $4500 credit from Chrysler. She'll be paying about $10000 for her new vehicle after taxes and fees.The $9000 she saved with the credits from CARS and Chrysler isn't too shabby considering she figures her old pickup was nearly worthless because it had so many miles. iReport.com: How Callahan got $9000 for her truckWithout the incentives, I probably wouldn't have purchased a brand new vehicle, Callahan who runs a science outreach program at the University of Utah told CNN after filing her iReport.Unless it is renewed the program will end November 1 or when funds allotted by Congress run out whichever happens first.Trade-ins must be less than 25 years old and their titles must be free of any liens. Consumers can go to a Web site cars.gov to learn the program's rules. FuelEconomy.gov: See if your vehicle qualifies for CARS (CNN) -- The former Penn State assistant football coach currently awaiting trial on child sex assault charges can visit with some of his grandchildren a judge ruled Monday.The decision by Judge John Cleland eases some conditions of Jerry Sandusky's house arrest which had forbidden contact with his 11 grandchildren.Joe Amendola Sandusky's attorney said the former assistant coach and his family are happy about the ruling.Jerry, Dottie, and their entire family are very relieved by and pleased with the court's decision, Amendola said in a written statement.Sandusky will be allowed to visit with eight of his grandchildren under parental supervision Cleland ruled.But another judge in a custody case involving the other three grandchildren should decide whether Sandusky can visit with them Cleland ruled. The mother of those children has strongly objected to them having contact with Sandusky.State Attorney General Linda Kelly had blasted Sandusky's request to see his grandchildren saying in a motion earlier this month that Sandusky was fortunate to be granted house arrest when "he is alleged to have committed 52 sexual offenses."Kelly also argued that Sandusky should be required to stay indoors during his house arrest because of fears among neighbors and teachers at a nearby elementary school.Cleland denied that request Monday ruling that prosecutors did not present any evidence showing that Sandusky had tried to contact children at the school.The state "failed to present any evidence whatsoever that (Sandusky) presents a clearly defined threat to any student at the adjoining elementary school simply by being on his deck Monday's the ruling says.

Kurdish fighters defending the key Syrian border city of Kobani are dangerously outmatched as ISIS advances a top United Nations official said Tuesday calling for the international community to step in.They have been defending themselves with great courage. But they are now very close to not being able to do so. They are fighting with normal weapons, whereas the ISIS has got tanks and mortars, Staffan de Mistura the U.N. special envoy for Syria said in a statement. "The international community needs to defend them. The international community cannot sustain another city falling under ISIS."Were Kobani to fall ISIS would control a complete swath of land between its self-declared capital of Raqqa Syria and Turkey -- a stretch of more than 100 kilometers (62 miles).Outnumbered and outgunned by ISIS local fighters trying to defend the Kurdish-dominated city have tried to flee into Turkey.Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warned that Kobani was about to fall to ISIS as protests raged in his country over how the group should be handled.And hours after U.S. airstrikes targeting ISIS struck near Kobani overnight the city's future was far from certain.Stopping ISIS from taking over cities towns and other territory in Syria isn't the focus of U.S. efforts a senior administration official and a U.S. official told CNN.At a briefing a State Department spokeswoman faced persistent questions over whether saving the city was a U.S. priority. The answer CNN global affairs correspondent Elise Labott said sounded like a resounding "no."It's obviously horrific to watch what's going on the ground, but it's important for the United States, for us to also step back and remember our strategic objective as it relates to our efforts and our engagement in Syria, spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters.The U.S. goal she said is "a deliberate well thought-out campaign in Syria" to disrupt ISIS command and control destroy the group's infrastructure and attack sources of fuel and financing for ISIS.Certainly no one wants to see Kobani fall, but our primary objective here is preventing (ISIS) from gaining a safe haven, she said.And we're going after those specific structures that I mentioned, Psaki added. "But we would not have taken the range of military strikes we have taken including overnight if we did not want to support and -- and defend the area."Five airstrikes targeting groups of ISIS fighters struck near Kobani overnight U.S. Central Command said.  There were another four strikes elsewhere in Syria and four in Iraq.Finally, they are hitting the right places, one local fighter against ISIS said after the airstrikes near Kobani which is close to  the Turkish border and key to ISIS' effort to extend its terrain.Airstrikes against the radical Islamist group in Kobani can be challenging because many targets are too close to the Turkish border or Kurdish forces to strike a senior U.S. military official said.Violent protests in TurkeyDestroying ISIS will require ground operations Erdogan said according to the semi-official Anadolu news agency.Speaking to Syrian refugees he said there has been "no achievement yet despite months of efforts against ISIS.

To be absolutely clear Canada's engagement in Iraq is not a ground combat mission. It includes a number of targeted measures being taken with allies to severely limit the ability of ISIL to engage in full scale military movements and to operate bases in the open Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in a statement. We do not take this step lightly. The threat posed by ISIL is real. If left unchecked this terrorist organization will grow and grow quickly."Near Kobani airstrikes hit ISIS vehiclesIn Syria according to U.S. Central Command the airstrikes against ISIS included:-- One south of Kobani destroyed three ISIS armed vehicles and damaged another-- One southeast of Kobani destroyed an ISIS armed vehicle carrying anti-aircraft artillery-- Two southwest of Kobani damaged an ISIS tank-- One south of Kobani destroyed an ISIS unitElsewhere in Syria two strikes west of al-Hasakah hit multiple ISIS buildings one near Deir Ezzor struck an ISIS staging area and IED production facility and one southwest of Rabiyah struck a small group of ISIS fighters.The United States Saudi Arabia and the UAE all participated in the strikes Central Command said.Death toll in fight for KobaniMore than 400 people have been killed in the fight for Kobani since mid-September the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.The group said it has documented the deaths of 219 ISIS jihadists 163 members of the Kurdish militia and 20 civilians.A northern Iraqi hospital has received the bodies of at least 29 suspected ISIS militants the head of the Tal Afar hospital said Tuesday. Danial Qassim said most were killed in U.S.-led coalition airstrikes overnight.Tal Afar is about 70 kilometers (43 miles) west of Mosul -- Iraq's second-largest city.  Mosul has also been overtaken by ISIS which calls itself the Islamic State.How ISIS makes its millionsWhy is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners?U.S. military airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq and Syria have cost more than $62 million so far according to data provided by the U.S. Defense Department.The data apparently sent out inadvertently to the Pentagon's press contacts on Monday listed the total number of airstrikes by U.S. Central Command in Iraq and Syria. It also detailed locations of targets and specified the costs of munitions used. Unlike most harried men in many other countries around this time each year Korean men don't have to worry about shopping for jewelry or flowers or writing nice cards to give to their significant other on February 14.Instead for South Koreans Valentine's Day is when women shower men with chocolates.It's also just one romantic day in a whole series of calendar-dictated romantic days.Next up is March 14. Known as White Day on this occasion men gift women with candy. Fact: Chupa Chups is the most sold candy.Next is Black Day on April 14 when downbeat singles who didn't receive any goodies head to local Chinese restaurants to commiserate over their loneliness while eating jjajyangmyeon or "black noodles."Surprisingly one of the most popular gift-giving days of the year is November 11 or Pepero Day so named in honor of a favorite Korean stick-shaped snack. (Link in Korean only)Catering to womenThroughout the country stores selling confectionery prepare for months leading up to February for one of their best-selling days of the year. As February 14 nears visitors to the country will notice lines and lines of women at such stores. Naturally retailers need to cater to the female shopper's eye.Valentine's Day is one of our top five days of the year, Chul-hyun Yoo the public relations representative for CU convenience stores told CNN. With 7900 stores throughout the country CU is the number one convenience store chain in South Korea recording almost ₩3 trillion (US$2.8 billion) in total sales last year.You can tell what concerns women and men is different by comparing the sales of Valentine's Day and White Day, said Yoo. "Women tend to go for value for money while men buy big flashy baskets."One translation: women are comparatively stingy while men like to show off. Some of the best-selling items on Valentine's Day are the Ferrero Rocher chocolates sold in packets of three or five. Fellas don't eat all at once.Becoming unhealthy?At the more upscale Jubilee Chocolatier dessert cafe in Seoul women line up on the days up to Valentine's Day to buy handmade chocolates that can be customized with their loved one's initials.Our Valentine's Day sales make up 20 percent of our entire sales, said Gae-ra Lee public relations representative for the cafe.Although the series of romantic days used to cater more towards couples or those wanting to confess their secret loves using a romantic day as an excuse in recent years goodie-gifting on Valentine's Day and White Day has expanded to include family co-workers and pretty much anyone you come into contact with on those days.I'm buying chocolates for my father. I feel like Valentine's Day should about confessing romantic love, said Jin-hee Oh 28 an office worker shopping at Lotte Department store.Nowadays, you don't give chocolates on Valentine's Day because you really like that person, said Chun Kyung-woo a culture reporter for a local newspaper.The custom has evolved so that now you have to give small crappy candy that no one actually wants to all your friends and everyone at the office down to your security guard as a show of goodwill, said Chun. "It's unhealthy."So what did I do? Along with the other female members of the Seoul office we each gave the Turner Korea boss some chocolate. Not that he needs it. (CNN) -- Announcement of a Nintendo 2DS handheld console is causing a collective "eh" among fans of the pioneering gaming company.The new console hopes to entice the entry-level gamer (i.e. kids) with a large catalog of games designed for the Nintendo 3DS and DS while appealing to parents with a low price point ($129). Unlike its counterpart the 2DS does not have 3-D visual effects nor can it be folded shut like other DS handheld consoles.Instead the 2DS remains flat and fixed much like a tablet. The controls are similar to other Nintendo handheld consoles and screen sizes are the same as the 3DS unit.While critics are split over whether this is a good idea for the company in the long term fans in forums and social media are shaking their heads. Some are asking why a 2DS model is needed when 3-D can be turned off on the current console while others are calling for Nintendo executives' heads.Much of the confusion lies in the naming convention. While the Nintendo DS can only play DS games the 2DS and 3DS can play games designed for the DS or the 3DS.The problem arises because the games are clearly labeled for the DS or the 3DS but not for the 2DS and could have parents wondering "Where are the 2DS games?"It was a similar problem when the Wii U was announced and players couldn't play Wii U on Wii systems. The names weren't distinct enough to create separation for a casual audience.The move to a non3-D environment for the handheld console is a welcome one to some fans. "Oh I'm so happy they're creating a 2DS said @omglazerkittens on Twitter. That's the whole reason I haven't bought one yet."Nintendo for its part has said the new device is designed for young kids despite having promotional videos with adults using it.Despite the nonplussed reaction from many older gamers some fans understand the need for a device aimed at the young audience.The new console may appeal to "parents who want to buy their kids PokÃ©mon and a 3DS at an affordable price wrote Haziq, a member of popular online video-gaming forum NeoGAF. Plus the flat design kind of reminds me of a tablet. I wouldn't be surprised if this is Nintendo's way of directly competing with that market for small kids."The October 12 release for the Nintendo 2DS is the same day the company plans to launch the latest titles in the Pokemon universe "Pokemon X" and "Pokemon Y."But other gamers aren't so quick to accept the need for the new console or Nintendo's explanation.To those who say the 2DS is a kid-friendly option, where does the inability to protect the screen with folding fall into that? wrote @JustinMcElroy on Twitter.Twitter user @kellyherron27 wonders whether Nintendo is not happy with the 3DS market anymore. "Feels like they're saying 'OK so our novelty really is a gimmick. Oops.' "But in explaining the need for the Nintendo 2DS another NeoGAF member may have offered the most clear-eyed assessment.Parents will be buying this for kids and that's the point, hence the price, wrote Alpha_eX. "They're aiming at kids wanting the new PokÃ©mon game and if parents can get it cheap it'll sell over a more expensive 3DS model."This console isn't aimed at any of us (adults). (CNN) -- Mitchell Johnson was in danger of becoming the forgotten man of Australian cricket. Shunned by the selectors after an alarming loss of form he spent a year out of the Test team as he struggled to overcome a foot injury.But the 31-year-old is back with a bang having terrorized Sri Lanka's batsmen to help the home side clinch a 2-0 series win in Melbourne on Friday.The left-arm paceman was named man of the match after claiming six wickets and scoring 92 not out as the tourists crumbled to defeat by an innings and 201 runs -- Sri Lanka's third worst reverse in the five-day game.Johnson only playing because of injuries to other bowlers followed up his four-wicket haul from Sri Lanka's first-innings 156 with a fiery spell that earned two more scalps and ended the tour of key batsman Kumar Sangakkara who had scored 27.Sangakkara who on the opening day joined the elite club of players to have scored 10000 Test runs needs surgery on a broken finger after being hit on the gloves by Johnson -- who also gave wicketkeeper Prasanna Jayawardene a hairline thumb fracture in the first innings.Neither Jayawardene nor bowler Chanaka Welegedara were able to bat due to injuries and Sri Lanka collapsed to 103-7 all out in 24.2 overs. Two wickets fell in Johnson's opening over of the innings one of them a run out.The plan through this Test match was to get up their batters and unfortunately for them they got a few injuries out of it, said Johnson who passed the milestone of 200 wickets in his 49th Test.I think that intimidation factor definitely worked out there today. We found a bit of a weakness with them with the short ball ... They obviously didn't handle it as well as they would have liked.It marked a minor career resurrection for Johnson who was Australia's main strike bowler until his form fell apart during the 2010-11 Ashes series against England.In the time I've had off I've been able to reflect on a lot of things. I had probably got to the stage where I listened to a lot of outside influences -- that doesn't affect me anymore. I'm just happy with how I've come back, and making the most of the opportunities I get, he said.It's not every day you get to play for your country, and I'm pretty proud of the fact I've played 49 Tests now. You've just got to look to the future and, if you get picked, go out there and make the most of it. That's what I'm doing ... and playing with a smile on my face.

I've always been happy playing for Australia it just got to the point where I was feeling the pressure. It happens in professional sports you can feel the pressure and start to believe in things that are said or outside influences and it just got to that point for me.I've moved past that. I'm 31, I've been around the game for a long time now and I think I've matured in that I have belief in myself and just go out there and play my game and do the best job I can.Despite his heroics Johnson is not guaranteed of starting the third Test in Sydney from January 3-7.Mitchell Starc is expected to return after being rested while debutant Jackson Bird made a strong impression as an opening bowler taking two wickets in each innings.His control with the new ball is an area that I think we've been looking for, captain Michael Clarke said. "The one thing I really like about Jackson is you know what you're going to get.He bowled into the breeze the whole game and did a fantastic job for us. I think Birdy played a huge part in Mitch's success in the first innings, and it allows a bowler like Mitch to be able to attack.Australia will be without key all-rounder Shane Watson who has a calf injury meaning Glenn Maxwell has the chance to make his Test debut after previous appearances in limited-overs internationals.Meanwhile India leveled the Twenty20 series against Pakistan with an 11-run victory in the second match at Ahmedabad on Friday.The home side put on 192-5 after batting first with Yuvraj Singh smashing 72 off 36 balls sending seven deliveries over the boundary ropes.Pakistan could not follow up Tuesday's five-wicket win in Bangalore finishing on 181-7 after 20 overs. Ashok Dinda took 3-36 from his four overs.It is the first bilateral series between the neighboring countries in five years. The three-match one-day series will start on Sunday. Washington (CNN) -- New disclosures that the Internal Revenue Service targeted liberals as well as conservatives in assessing applications for tax-exempt status have reshaped perceptions of the scandal shifting the focus away from Republican claims of political villainy.IRS targeting included liberal groupsInvestigations by the FBI congressional committees the Treasury inspector general's office and the IRS continue but Monday's revelations bolstered assertions by agency officials and Democrats that the problem was egregious mismanagement instead of intentional misconduct by the Obama administration.Shifting polls contradict key depositionHouse Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California told CNN on Tuesday that the priority now should be to ensure that laws and regulations prohibiting political groups from getting tax-exempt status are properly enforced regardless of whether organizations are on left or right.These groups are in some ways giving the appearance that their primary purpose is the common good, the common welfare ... when they are actively engaged in political activity, for which they shouldn't be getting a tax deduction, Pelosi said.However Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin argued too many questions remain unanswered to stop investigating whether politics played a role in the controversy.What we still don't know is who ordered this kind of targeting, why did it take so long for them to clean it up? Ryan the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee told CBS.Asked if the claim of political motivation now seemed less valid he responded: "I don't know the answer to that so we're going to let the facts take us where they take us."In particular Ryan said he wanted more details on why conservative-oriented groups had their tax-exempt applications stalled and experienced harassing behavior by the IRS such as having to answer inappropriate questions about the beliefs and activities of members.At the same time he sounded like Pelosi in saying the bigger question involved the practice of targeting rather than who specifically got targeted.CNN Poll: Did White House order IRS targeting?We know that the IRS did target people based upon their political beliefs, Ryan said. "Who cares whether they're right or left? ... The fact that they're targeting people for harassment based upon their political beliefs should be cause enough alone for outrage."That's a big change from inferences by GOP leaders in recent weeks that the Obama administration was likely behind the targeting that started in 2010 in an effort to subdue political rivals.With no evidence to date of any such connection it was unclear how hard congressional committees would continue pushing the issue.The GOP-led House Ways and Means Committee has scheduled a hearing on Thursday on an initial review of the IRS targeting by the agency's temporary leader Daniel Werfel.President Barack Obama appointed Werfel to clean up the IRS mess last month after an inspector general's audit uncovered targeting of applications that contained conservative-themed words such as "tea party."The audit by Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration J. Russell George only cited the targeting of conservative groups which it said ended in May 2012.Read IRS watchdog's reportIn his first substantive report on the agency Werfel said Monday that its tax-exempt unit used multiple lists of inappropriate criteria in assessing tax-exempt applications until earlier this month more than a year later than previously revealed.The "Be on the Lookout" or BOLO lists included liberal-themed words such as "progressives" and other politically oriented terms such as "occupy" and "medical marijuana" in alerting IRS workers to check for unacceptable political activities according to copies made available by Democratic Rep. Sander Levin of Michigan.Werfel said he has suspended the use of BOLO lists in considering tax-exempt applications for now.A statement by Levin questioned why George's audit focused only on BOLO lists that contained conservative labels.The inspector general's report "served as the basis and impetus for a wide range of congressional investigations and this new information shows that the foundation of those investigations is flawed in a fundamental way Levin's statement said.

In response to Levin's statement, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Rep. Dave Camp, R-Michigan, said the inclusion of progressives" on a BOLO list did not prove that liberal groups underwent the same extra scrutiny of conservative groups cited in the inspector general's report.The release of George's audit last month ignited a political firestorm in Washington while fueling conservative mistrust of Obama's administration as an example of big government gone wild.Werfel noted Monday that his internal investigation while still incomplete found no evidence so far of intentional wrongdoing by IRS personnel or involvement by anyone outside the IRS. He also said no evidence had emerged that in appropriate targeting extended into other areas of the agency.Five IRS managers have been replaced from the previous acting commissioner whom Werfel succeeded to the head of the unit based in Cincinnati that handles tax-exempt applications.In addition Werfel created an Accountability Review Board to recommend within 60 days "any additional personnel actions necessary to hold accountable those responsible" for the targeting disclosed by the inspector general's report.White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday that Obama believes Werfel's report "is an important step in ensuring accountability for any staff that acted inappropriately identifies the failures in their systems that allowed the misconduct to happen and takes a forward-looking systemic view at the agency's management."In his audit that disclosed the misconduct George said there was no evidence of a political motive. However he is continuing to investigate the matter along with the FBI and the congressional committees.As part of his review Werfel said 80 groups awaiting IRS action on their applications for tax exempt status for more than 120 days could self-register with the agency as long as they certified under penalty of perjury that they would comply with applicable laws and regulations.At the heart of the matter is what kind of organization can qualify for tax-exempt status. Regulations limit such status to groups primarily involved in social welfare activities while political groups are considered ineligible.Confusion over defining what constitutes political activity versus social welfare activity contributed to the targeting by the IRS Werfel said.An IRS statement on Monday said the "safe-harbor" option for self-certification would apply to groups that "certify they devote 60% or more of both their spending and time on activities that promote social welfare."At the same time, they must certify that political campaign intervention involves 40% or less of both their spending and time, the statement said. Applicants meeting those thresholds would get approval within two weeks of seeking self-certification it said.Earlier: What's a 501(c)(4)?Werfel said the IRS would continue checking on tax-exempt groups to ensure they were following the law.Separately the House Oversight Committee which has been aggressively investigating the IRS matter plans to meet on Friday to consider a resolution aimed at resolving questions about whether a key agency official must testify.Lois Lerner was the director of exempt organizations when the agency filtered applications for tax exempt status. She appeared before the committee in May and said she had broken no laws or regulations and then invoked her constitutional right not to answer questions.Lerner pleads the 5thSeveral committee Republicans questioned whether she waived that right by making her opening statement and Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa said she could be called back at a later date if that were the case.CNN's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report. (CNN) -- Oprah Winfrey gave her support to those suffering in the Gulf states saying President Obama is doing the best he can to handle the oil disaster.What's going on in my heart is the same thing, everyone feels for what is happening to all of the fisherman and families who, this time of year, would be hosting people from all over the country and all over the world there, said Winfrey who was in Atlanta Georgia on Wednesday to speak at a middle school graduation.We can only hope and pray that this will soon be resolved in a way that people can pick themselves up and move forward, Winfrey added.The talk show host said she has heard the criticism of Obama's handling of the oil crisis. Winfrey an avid supporter of the president said he is doing a good job.I think the president is doing the best anybody can, said Winfrey who campaigned for Obama when he ran for president. "I really don't understand what people want him to do? I think he's the president of the United States.You're not supposed to be emotional, you're supposed to take action and get things done and make sure those things happen so I'm not sure what people want him to do, she said.The underwater gusher began after an April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon. The explosion and subsequent fire caused the rig to sink two days later rupturing the pipes and sending oil spilling from the well.Winfrey said she has been saddened by television reports of those affected by the oil disaster.What is happening not only to the people but to the animals is what breaks my heart, Winfrey said.CNN's Don Lemon contributed to this report. London (CNN) -- Whatever the literary merits of J.K. Rowling's new novel the Harry Potter author is unlikely to earn many plaudits for the originality of her subject matter.Have you read it yet? Share your review?With a plot examining social tensions and class divisions between the rich and poor residents of an English village "The Casual Vacancy" is a modern take on themes that have provided fertile inspiration for dramatists novelists and satirists of English manners since at least the 17th century.Muggle moms await first adult J.K. Rowling bookWe're a phenomenally snobby society and it's such a rich seam, Rowling said in an interview with The Guardian newspaper by way of explanation in words that might as well have been attributed to Jane Austen George Eliot Joanna Trollope or any number of other female British writers. "The middle class is so funny it's the class I know best and it's the class where you find the most pretension."Still Rowling clearly has an authorial eye for the preoccupations of her middle-brow audience. Britain can sometimes feel like a country in the midst of a permanent low-intensity class war in which all targets are fair game and all are left feeling routinely persecuted.While the wealthy and privileged are derided as snobs and "toffs members of the working class are grotesquely parodied and vilified as illiterate chavs" and the middle class is roundly mocked often from within its own fragmented ranks for its petit bourgeois obsessions with house prices farmers' markets and amateur dramatics.Julian Fellowes the script writer behind lavish Emmy-nominated period saga "Downton Abbey" complained last year that "poshism" was the "last acceptable form of prejudice" while Benedict Cumberbatch the well-heeled star of "Sherlock" said last month he had contemplated relocating his career to the U.S. because "posh-bashing" in the UK had gone too far.At the opposite extreme Owen Jones the author of "Chavs: The Demonization of the Working Class argued that the widespread blaming of last year's riots in London and other cities on a supposed feral underclass was classic demonization reducing complex social problems to supposed individual failings and behavioral faults."Class swearing and sex fill J.K. Rowling's first adult bookIf Rowling needed any further evidence of the enduring power of issues of class and status to raise British heckles it came last week in the blundering form of Andrew Mitchell a senior member of Prime Minister David Cameron's cabinet whose job as chief whip is still in the balance over whether or not during an altercation with a policeman he called the officer a "pleb" and suggested that he ought to "learn his f****** place."For critics of Cameron's government Mitchell's alleged insult and the fact that like the Eton-educated prime minister and many of his colleagues he attended one of the UK's elite fee-paying public schools appeared to offer further proof of a blue-blooded conspiracy to keep the proles firmly in their place.As Kevin Maguire wrote in the Mirror newspaper: "In Mitchell's angry flash of social superiority ... we glimpsed the naked prejudice of the posh boys sitting at the cabinet table. The mask slipped to reveal how voters the great British public are viewed as inferior creatures drones expected to know their place and tug a forelock at Conservative rulers in their government castle."Yet there are good reasons aside from unvarnished prejudice why class remains such a potent political issue. For those worst affected by the present government's austerity program portrayed by opponents as an ideologically motivated assault on the founding principles of Britain's welfare state the "We're all in it together" mantra coined by British Finance Minister George Osborne -- the heir to a baronetcy and a multimillion dollar wallpaper fortune -- understandably rings hollow.Class remains the single most important factor in shaping the life prospects of every single person born in Britain; a fact most glaringly illustrated in terms of life expectancy itself with men in the most deprived areas of the Scottish city of Glasgow typically dying at 71 while those in London's wealthy enclave of Kensington and Chelsea can expect to live beyond 85.Time: We read 'The Casual Vacancy' here's what we thinkAt the heart of the British class structure still sits the English public school the best known archetype of which is now probably Rowling's own Hogwarts -- a place of arcane rituals and Latin lessons bunk-bedded boarding houses and Gothic grandeur.Real-life public schools may not offer lessons in magic and wizardry but they do equip the offspring of those willing to cough up annual fees of tens of thousands of dollars with access to a world of privileged connections and a fast track via a well-oiled "old boys' network" into lucrative and successful careers in the upper echelons of politics government the military the judiciary banking and business.About 7% of English pupils attend fee-paying schools yet alumni of the top 100 public schools make up almost one third of annual admissions to Oxford and Cambridge -- universities whose own peculiar traditions owe more to their archaic ties to those institutions than to the rigors of a modern egalitarian education system.Opinion: J.K. Rowling's daring leapFormer public schoolboys even punch above their weight on our screens with two of Britain's leading actors -- Damian Lewis an Emmy winner this week for his starring role in "Homeland" and Dominic West celebrated for his portrayal of a rough-edged Irish-American detective in "The Wire" -- both also alumni of Eton.It remains to be seen whether Rowling has anything novel to add to the class debate but one thing of which she is undoubtedly aware is that it is a subject that will shift copies from the shelves in droves.As "Downton Abbey" and the entire careers of Hugh Grant and Richard Curtis have demonstrated there remains an insatiable appetite beyond British shores for the sort of cut-glass accents excruciating social awkwardness and polite self-effacement that the country has turned into a thriving export industry.Rowling famously canny businesswoman that she is will surely already have negotiated movie rights to a story that will be lapped up as eagerly across the Atlantic.Social class swearing and sex permeate Rowling's first adult bookThe opinions in this piece are solely those of Simon Hooper. (CNN)On Sunday at almost the same moment that dozens of world leaders linked arms and led millions of people through the streets of Paris to commemorate the 17 victims of last week's terror attacks in France explosives carried by two young girls ripped through a mobile phone market in the northeastern Nigerian town of Potiskum.The blasts which killed three people besides the bombers and injured 46 more came just a day after another bomb strapped to a girl described by witnesses as about 10 years old exploded in a busy market in the city of Maiduguri killing at least 20 people.While coming in widely divergent settings thousands of miles apart the attacks in France and Nigeria were both motivated by an Islamist extremist ideology that rejects a modern world shaped by political economic and social liberalism -- and in the case of Boko Haram whose name can be roughly translated as "(Western) education is forbidden also abhors scientific progress.

Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau, for example, first expressed support" for the ISIS caliph Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi this past summer. Meanwhile Boko Haram has added the jihadist black banner to its logo and the ISIS anthem to the musical repertoire on its videos. In one recent video Shekau even seemed to declare that he is establishing his own "Islamic Caliphate" and greeted his "brothers" in Afghanistan Pakistan Somalia and Yemen as well as "the Caliphate in Iraq and Syria."Even more worrisome than Boko Haram's extremist ideology and gruesome terrorist acts should be the increasing military sophistication demonstrated by the Nigerian militants. Alas while it is largely ignored by American and European leaders and only sporadically covered by major media outlets Boko Haram has been steadily gaining ground in its war against Nigeria.As I wrote several months ago Boko Haram has like ISIS clearly moved beyond one-off asymmetric attacks to sophisticated military operations resulting in the assimilation of increasingly large chunks of territory successfully overrunning and now effectively controlling large portions of three states in northeastern Nigeria -- by some estimates a total area larger than the Netherlands Belgium and Luxembourg combined.Boko Haram's territorial base has been used by the group as a staging ground for what has become a steady campaign of terrorist attacks like the past weekend's suicide bombings which regularly hit more than half a dozen other Nigerian states as well as neighboring countries like Niger many of which are already under significant pressure from militants linked to al Qaeda's North African affiliate. Niger's President Mahamadou Issoufou has even gone so far as to declare to the newsmagazine Jeune Afrique that "the Islamic State is at our door."By some estimates more than 10000 people in Nigeria alone have died as a result of Boko Haram-related violence in 2014 while more than 1.5 million others have been displaced. Just last week the militants stormed Baga on the shores of Lake Chad one of the last towns in the region remaining in government hands reportedly killing more than 2000 civilians. Moreover the militants are showing increasingly advanced conventional military capabilities in contrast with the demoralized Nigerian military forces they square off against. In early September for example the group shot down a Nigerian attack jet that was operating against it and captured the pilot whom it later apparently beheaded according to a video obtained by The Associated Press.What makes the threat from Boko Haram all the more significant is the political and economic context of Nigeria Africa's most populous country and the largest economy on the continent.The West African country is in the midst of a hotly contested general election including a rematch presidential race between incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan and former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari with votes to be cast just a month from now. No doubt Boko Haram which rejects democratic politics along with other "infidel" ideas will take advantage of the campaign and voting process to step up attacks. It is hard to imagine how the threat could not have an impact on the vote.In Paris on Sunday police and military forces fanned out across the French capital meaning there was a reasonable sense of safety for marchers. In Nigeria even if the country deployed every last soldier and policeman it would barely be able to put one security officer at each of its polling stations.And as if this were not bad enough declining oil prices have slashed Nigerian government revenues substantially diminishing the resources available to defeat the extremists in battle and win the subsequent peace with social and economic development of an area whose long-running marginalization helped give rise to the insurgency in the first place.It does of course go without saying that both the Nigerian political class and its military with all their attendant pathologies bear responsibility for the dire situation the country finds itself in. But that fact alone should not absolve the international community of its obligation (and self-interest) in helping to tackle the growing threat posed by Boko Haram -- any more than legitimate concerns about generally lackluster leadership by French President François Hollande and the French political elite's failure to deal squarely with the potential for radicalization among segments of the country's marginalized Muslim population prevented world leaders from showing their support for France in recent days.As the Roman Catholic archbishop of Jos Nigeria pleaded on the BBC recently "We need that spirit to be spread around...Not just when it happens in Europe but when it happens in Nigeria in Cameroon."In the struggle against Islamist extremism and for peaceful coexistence and progress it is time the international community recognized there is no place for a tale of two cities. (CNN) -- When you think of GIFs those never-ending sequences of looping motion you're more likely to associate them with lightly humorous viral content than a respectable art form.However their hypnotic movement has been gaining favor with the artistic community and now one of the most high profile museums in the world London's Saatchi Gallery has teamed up with Google+ to explore their more reflective side.They gathered a roster of impressive judges such as film director Baz Luhrmann artists Shezad Dawood Tracey Emin and Cindy Sherman and Saatchi Gallery CEO Nigel Hurst for The Motion Photography Prize the first global competition for artists working with animated GIFs.Over 4000 people from 52 countries entered their work which fitted into six categories - landscape lifestyle action people night and urban. The top gong went to a Brooklyn-based creative director Christina Rinaldi whose mesmerizing GIF of a New York City window cleaner shown above draws the viewers in with its almost trance-inducing repetition.Cindy Sherman American photographer and film director was attracted to the vibrancy of Rinaldi's work: "It almost transcends the GIF medium by turning the soapy water into brushstrokes so it seems more like creating a painting she explained.

Rinaldi herself said that choosing motion rather than still photography was crucial to capturing the rhythm of the window cleaner at work: I was inspired by his brush strokes and the texture of the suds she said, I watched him as if he were a performance artist -- his work temporary and only to be witnessed within a few seconds. I quickly became enamored with his efficient rhythm. Surviving in New York City requires an elevated sense of efficiency and an innate hustle."The work of other finalists -- Kostas Agiannitis MicaÃ«l Reynaud Matthew Clarke Emma Critchley and Stefanie Schneider highlighted the diverse and creative nature of a GIF as an art form.There is incredible potential in this technology, and many photographers are now using GIFs to create motion in their work says Saatchi Gallery's CEO and one of the judges Nigel Hurst.You're looking at an image that floats somewhere between a still photograph and film, it has elements of both but sometimes incorporated in an unexpected way, which makes it even more compelling, Hurst says.He added that the judging process was no different than when looking at other more conventional art: "What stood out for us were images which were arresting and used the parameters of the GIF in an imaginative way."Artist and illustrator Clay Rodery whose work has appeared in the New York Times The Atlantic and on HBO initially started creating GIFs to practice animation but soon started making entire pieces for the format drawn by the chance to more eloquently express ideas he had inside his head.He says:" First and foremost I'm conscious of it looping. Its duration might be very short sometimes only several frames but in a loop there is the potential for its content to be endless."Moreover Rodery says that GIFs helped him develop as an artist: "It most certainly has expanded the breadth of my work and its emotional impact. These days you need to work very hard to get your work to stand out and a moving image really does wonders to get you noticed."The exhibition will be featured online on Saatchi Art a web gallery for emerging artists.Too haute to handle - inside the world's biggest furniture fairKorean artist creates fantasy worlds in her studio without PhotoshopPimp my fish tank: This is the eerie beautiful world of aquascaping (CNN) -- After a multi-year odyssey marked by almost nonstop partisan bickering CIA employees hacking into Senate Intelligence Committee computers and former Bush administration officials launching a pre-emptive public counterattack against the committee's report we finally have a summary of the CIA's use of torture.So what have we learned?The committee report confirms that six days after the 9/11 attacks "President George W. Bush signed a covert action Memorandum of Notification (MON) to authorize the director of central intelligence (DCI) to 'undertake operations designed to capture and detain persons who pose a continuing serious threat of violence or death to U.S. persons and interest or who are planning terrorist activities.'"That decision put the CIA on the path to revive and even expand coercive interrogation techniques it had employed during the Cold War.Some key facts we already knew were confirmed most importantly that agency personnel violated U.S. and international law by repeatedly waterboarding several detainees including 9/11 attack mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.The summary of the report provides lurid details of "24"-like interrogation techniques outlawed by international treaties to which the U.S. is a signatory: running power drills next to the heads of detainees days of forced sleep deprivation and in the words of the committee summary "threats to harm the children of a detainee threats to sexually abuse the mother of a detainee and a threat to 'cut (a detainee's) mother's throat.'"The committee report summary also confirms what many have long believed -- that the torture program produced no actionable intelligence and did not to thwart al Qaeda's global activities.The former chief of the CIA's Counterterrorism Center and torture program participant Jose Rodriguez continues to claim that such intelligence was obtained and that it did in fact save lives. The available record as laid out by the committee amply refutes that assertion.And the committee summary could not be clearer about the actions of agency managers and attorneys in the expansion of the use of techniques that were clear violations of international law. According to the committee summary: ... by the end of November 2001, CIA officers had begun researching potential legal defenses for using interrogation techniques that were considered torture by foreign governments and a non-governmental organization. CIA Director George Tenet subsequently sent a letter to Bush urging that the CIA program be exempt from Geneva Convention prohibitions on the use of techniques defined by international law as torture.Whether as federal employees or political appointees CIA personnel took an oath to uphold the laws of the United States. Instead they chose to engage in acts that clearly violated those laws including international treaties banning the use of torture to which the United States is not only a signatory but a putative leader as well.The response of multiple former intelligence community insiders who authorized or supported these programs is perfectly summed up in this quote from an anonymous former official offered to the Daily Beast earlier this week:It goes back to the one basic thing: Whether they did right or they did wrong, they were told to do something, they did it, and they feel like they had the rug pulled out from underneath them.Indeed those CIA attorneys and managers who signed off on waterboarding and other tactics had an affirmative obligation to refuse to authorize much less participate in a torture program. Now through de facto surrogates appearing on major media outlets and operating a website attempting to rewrite the history of this dark era participants in the torture program claim they are the victims for simply following orders.The defense of "I was just following orders" is never a winning one.The use of mass surveillance and torture are the hallmarks of totalitarian governments. The United States has employed both since the September 11 2001 attacks on our nation. While we have yet to renounce the former the release of this Senate Intelligence Committee torture report summary is a long-overdue first step in renouncing the latter. Let's hope it's not the last step. (CNN)  -- From the Nintendo 3DS's ability to grab titles on demand to the increasing popularity of retail sites like Steam and Direct2Drive.com downloadable games will be everywhere in 2011.The days when you had to visit your local store buy a title and insert a disc into your console to play a game are long gone.Thanks to new episodic titles ("Back to the Future Jurassic Park") popular indie PC games ("Minecraft Recettear") and a growing range of smartphone apps and console-exclusive downloads digital game distribution continues to grow.Whether you're playing on your PlayStation 3 Wii Xbox 360 or mobile handset here are five new and upcoming titles that exemplify the expanding breadth of what online game downloads have to offer.X-Men Arcade (PlayStation Network/Xbox Live Arcade)Revisit your misspent adolescence with a conversion of the popular side-scrolling 1992 arcade brawler starring Cyclops Wolverine Nightcrawler and other comic book favorites -- before they became movie icons.High-definition multiplayer cartoon action for up to six players takes top billing as you use fists laser beams and super powers to bludgeon Magneto's crew of villains including Juggernaut Pyro and The Blob.Gemini Rue (Wadjet Eye Games)A sci-fi point-and-click adventure set in a dystopian future that's drawn comparison to genre classics like "Beneath a Steel Sky this retro-futuristic, film noir-flavored tale harkens back to PC gaming's early '90s heyday.